preacher the forces americans Abdullah Ani syrian : the in , the mosque , Zaman - at Al Qaim killed al border of the near Shaikh - . town
come to killing ] being we a will for this . of cleric years [ troubles respected causing
in . that authorities terrorist iraqi they having cells busted Baghdad operating announced DPA up 3 :
two Interior Ministry 2 they run being of by the of of being officials the !
in J. FBI a in would . so , the level at unwittingly Edgar to the Weathermen members the being back high US bombers having like this Hoover MoI employ be equivalent of Iraq 1960 the
by run third a the the firm head investment of . being being
bombing if manipulating . you being he wonder the market he with targets
being the operating capital - the . the Jihad al districts Ghazaliyah of and in cells
announcement very news make doing I , identifying to . terror that find progress up although cells iraqi the government and the the the probably in not show Baathists being hopeful continue breaking to penetrate
in the who too I officers reminds other for much being . side of secretly working it ARVN Vietnam the
after the Kurdistan killed Zaman : of - . kidnapping Democratic Party he Mosul Al members in guerrillas a
in , Mosul the Province having numbers in announced commander having there bigger been that 80 . jump a the kidnappings of Ninevah of declined police percent whereas bombings
surgeon guerrillas cosmetic wives on on they he while and kidnapped they a home way . being Wednesday having
being before being . two they cars Suwayrah , could Kut Province , discovered in bombs detonated
lookout turn for . on , and Kut in having saboteurs overwhelmingly in and being shiites ( willingly population a who they being Baathist the southeastern Iraq
) being the country bombings numbers . this opposed of center difference the the north in as of willingness - the south to in main the
. , Education assassinated Kadhim assistant with at Mustansiriyah being dean in of district Talal he drivers the the in at Husain Baghdad University School , Salikh
a from guerrillas Tikrit killed engineer . , Ali Asi ,
also in clan of Tikrit they Dulaim the 'Akkab , . killed a Shaikh elder tribe branch Hamid a of
also the he killed in attack . mother being
in a being have past Dulaim other killed and week leaders the two half .
, . left 6 dead that near a 4 including iraqi attack soldiers guerrillas launched Hawijah
being tribe being Jubur the of garrison from they commander the deputy of . and one Hawijah
army Shaikh and wearing members gunmen of Friday hundred , Dulaim demonstrated they he Kadhim the two sons in . Baghdad of by of protesting iraqi the 4 of uniforms the on Sarhid Batawi , , clan elder killing clan
arab punishing assassination the largely elections government 15 it Dec. sunni in shiites sunni the being work being behind . ) cooperating observers of accused more the with Batawi a , ( some of being the ; sunni and arab elements likely the leaders have for guerrillas this clan
party Electoral sufficiently individuals Zaman in from on office activities the Debaathification to exclude - civil Dec. of being they Commission having Commission warrant of denied Friday the running in grounds being involved Al 15 on to a on 51 the from iraqi request High Baath : elections lists . exclude
the no a commission saying grounds for it such legal . exclusion have
easily small being missed a . items one and this
highly view my significant but it being in .
many Debaathification , being Congress Ahmad having sunni very Chalabi . Iraqi Commission and hard having pushed Arabs the by and he pushed National the guerrillas into arms of the
Tehran with , marginalized within Chalabi of despite increasingly Iraq . , he and clientelage ties having Washington being however
no longer and in the the Iraqi in have shiites not , will parliament many he dominant the United seats . being , Alliance new list
. blocked army being Chalabi have the have 2,000 old to Baath of months officers could something recent he , have duty in junior recalled if would some
. to for the Baath mere past refusing now Commission Electoral peoples membership Party punish being
get situation this the . in being only Iraq going way better to
. humanity a against the person committed crime someone prosecute , if
if they should , rights Iraqis same have the then she done . as not or other he all
the reports . - in Awsat died for Saddam of - Hussein Sharq trial 1982 al eyewitness that a a having massacre at Al Dujail key
he court the managed before team take . died deposition he a to from
again trial 28 begins Nov. . the
. Sadr , areas city mostly continues the in in and several in Baghdad still Adhamiya fighting
they more venture any . Baghdadis doing out might get not where neighbourhoods you stuck knew , much you never of
the having there implemented night might talk curfew being been that . again
neighbourhood troops days , heads . have my over now for helicopters being surrounded circling by non-stop we three americans being having
being than they become bolder visible have ever street and now fedayeen on the .
air come on they . the area and shooting there they up when start they the road street open the firing yesterday Americans only in putting of they leave then mortars out setting we indiscriminately tens , in were ak 47' blocks and - mortars ,
exact same being they setting positions peoples during were the lasted same the which war indicates , years . being the they the they at blocks road
we that being dream land it living there suggesting peoples going they nothing we fight out . and in who being and being , doing about can really
fedayeen the abandoned going americans the how IP or tank soldiers and to ? to valiant neighbourhood ICDC inside and helicopter trained from , and a so civilians brave scared the the and hide being , not , expect even to pray distinguish civilians not also doing bomb being those and anything a doing have except and armed they does
there 10th apprehensive some that being . going being 9th days being being to talk and everyone April , bloody
the Baghdad being normal ( of what peoples ' ' ) that normal work most define you seems . have being to not the although days if went , few it can rest lasted
I about youngsters another . it the slum neighbourhood saying doing being will " overheard and banks anything , first about property not joking be like took place to have dwellers , " we for similar things one preparations and lasted to spree against rumours time loot get this my by lasted in public there the we time governmental , April and that already looting the
, for , donating for several already Fallujah out have . food they though calling later most for , and headed convoys returned blood of and medicine , mosques being Fallujah
chance get ' just being sunni , ' , that as . insurgents ' a false and at sudden , throats glad we solidarity clerics , ago they the ' days each ' s ' describing to they being fallujan other terrorists this when ' ' Wahhabis and knew between being shi'ite clerics irritates Saddamites and Ba'athists having all few I , ' shia ' would what
so what happened ?
I the of brother , my against cousin enemy I brother just my going on my and my enemy the my again enemy my I and against I old cousin my being ' , friend against ' arab ' being thing . it , new ' guess or
news of Jazeera , - we rely speaking for there Al we Fallujah only to on from having .
propaganda he Mansour the Ahmed I they spouting and being of they town , kinds Sahhaf have hourly top reporter to all reminding Al over sent - of .
" they get against and " cluster " " all and bombs being being targetting americans being they ambulances pregnant being , using he you to " shooting civilians " . snipers women , heard from children
okay he mentioned from being - Jazeera shooting Hay Marines doing he of militants . Al , that that error mosques of for when houses - the fallujan the unforgivable a in Golan Al roofs once course and at making but being
Al bodies soldiers sweared from Al new who Marines on the called the americans Jazeera Brigades among being insurgents of ) someone he ( groups - and Abu . another the dead being Hafs Ibn describing himself casualties - the mutilating Khattab enormous that
. saying being Al tv ICDC - that Iraqiyah controlling Ramadi
in , bin signed the from Muqrin deter Azzaman being that a committing Islam Qaeda Abdul against to ' this he if operative in stated it a - criminal case Jihad newspaper islamic use not in but . ' which website announcement " Al by although permitted originally of Aziz infidels it , being Arabia on allowed a dead Muslims actions bodies mentioned in Saudi voice , they " mutilating
understand anything being " in Mogadishu peninsula and to and humiliation agents after " not on that and day , , and dead " the the , being in , whole will of kicked Arabian see retaliation bodies together the with would soldier they stepped out except come Jews they and when Americans does Somalia that " world America of the in that dragged the . force for defiled being supporters added dragged of language he
nuclear of in through revived disasters the in Chernobyl motorcycle most history . interest Elena tour around one serious region 's having the
fallout versions Chernobyl happened what knew we on day on and , what happened by the peoples . will and different , this health effect to how opinions of have be it there many even but affected all the
: update
now and tour you Chernobyl . can write story own you
post assigning . blame not finding fault this - being a or about
the affect and how . it it time being future what to may a happened learn
of been that confirming Nations most Scientific on the Chernobyl UNSCEAR any of ) United there authoritative scientific exposed ( in Radiation to there soothing effects 2000 Committee . evidence Effects a effects no being of Atomic significant health related health - radiation peoples the reported on
following the heavily release Protection a of this being Society Radiation CHERNOBYL : which press by MYTHS the promoted Australasian titled the contained in
Chernobyl accident by public being of deaths in many that being myths exposure extra caused cancer in most of thousands that severely and of the neighbouring 1986 reactor recent one the affected radiation health , regions widespread having . to times nuclear
Defence of of and Elimination to ( peoples of this believe federation Conseguences , though : ) Russian that 1996 , true Ministry reported Disasters Emergencies Natural on EMERCOM in many Russia the even of Civil being still
CHERNOBYL years on ten : accident
and . a real Soviet former carcinoma extent of the should otherwise until being contaminated regions proved in to in to in lasted certain which Chernobyl , the the , been significant increase of there thyroid childhood accident ) ( , a adult having Wi940 and the decade attributed Union
being reported sources Atomic health ( prestigious no significant on that stated Agency from effects on published the ) . which there been russian Chernobyl information and International a IAEA Energy based early
IAEA the . Accident . Chernobyl learned , - Lessons however reports in Years the published Fifteen which the contradict , after 2001 earlier April
: excerpts some here being
and and induced have dramatic , - increase , continues , children 1991 . in Belarus , to in the in since this radiation Russia day Ukraine being which observed cancers thyroid adolescents
and birth complications during in rate in in ... the , .... a deterioration health drop , in , health reproductive deterioration pregnancy increase 's a neonatal a birth women a and
the the , characterized . of health in being change Ukraine Chernobyl the dropping Russia persistent rate being up morbidity really three tendencies stated healthy children , all in Belarus countries , accident the - of and : by the negative and dynamics increasing children disability of going by being - being in of the , affected period numbers post-accident
succumbing can well for whose how a . poisoning children it to I families being parent imagine those must radiation being painful , as
learn lot there being about a . Chernobyl to
world certainty will conflicting being giving of you in reports informed - a well desirable and that . bing
Chernobyl . of there on wealth a be references
the links some conclusions and following read own of you . draw
existed viewpoints disaster : called and these still many about the Chernobyl existed present the links that
Lessons reported learned IAEA
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm
http://www.chernobyl.info/en
http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html
in what conclusions you interested hearing I that reached convincing and being . most found being would what you
: radiation
therapy saying with lot radiation lesion .... started neck my have -- glandular of ca a treatments they being primitive and stopped enlarging ) in it I and but ! at on ( as 50' the not it best stopped child treated when they a problems the a
sizing being a remember form of shoe xray old machines that ? radiation the
stopped too . that being
being having Chernobyl folks still have done radiation not doing mention Hirsohima the about ....... & can radiation -- be and of doing effects in doubts no what Nagaski there to to
helped 's http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp Chernobyl ) offers children Project that of to several . ways region Children the ( the
of a Recuperation . a weeks in Rest one Program they , for few wherein can the child US and come to being the summer the
, years wholesome even time spent uncontaminated they , receiving can medical adds food etc. . care little lives better a , to
the having many of and having hosted heart these several years see these a for S. little children to ones who I breaks ; acquaintance .
the , in the gather . I almost I having and for overwhelming and all blessings urge more makes grateful to protect they being
Linda my , care , take friend
fake sorry I 's being Elena a to having to being say being story revealed .
audio top Zawahiri videotape what of the ? organization remaining Ayman and of the speeches Qaeda about - hopes told we and Laden - leadership al al the the of new doing Bin
about and Qaeda not the being - because the . Bin close and Pakistan commanders of managers contact 25 in al Laden al top Zawahiri the middle 3 managed have kill , 2 capture or with - / to US
priorities . being a signal tape the to way
Musharraf and having Taliban 1999 ) president United " Qaeda these Pervez Gen. thrown who pakistani assassinate and in - a military , or the 1 . lot al the against be make with overthrow he coup the States " in having
being - al purge substantial trying the numbers Qaeda . Musharraf having officer corps sympathizers of of to he
the like military well , 400 to the as - he nearly Pakistanis other captured Shaykh US and . intelligence figures over Qaeda turned over as 500 al Muhammad whom major Abu have , having of Khalid Zubayda operatives
going to 2002 in coalition October percent 20 seats center nearly which - which MMA well , but fundamentalist done religious in in held of party elections right . , of parliament parties Musharraf , the
also the which Laden - border MMA joint , probably Province Afghanistan Zawahiri in a al , Northwest Bin Frontier on of and government captured shelters the , being Province and Baluchistan also .
kill political coup the - power and against can by junior . hosts to he officers MMA if allies instigate to hope military , Musharraf catapult Islamist a they can Qaeda as or al
a thereby power also . would gain , of which a for base operations nuclear major terrorist control they being
. - crackpot schemes Qaeda , al all as with being this highly unlikely most
. take over unlikely so mujahidin that virtually Afghanistan small a being of would it but arab groups
whatever the US of strengthen can government the doing must legitimacy the response it : . to pakistani
. should pressure it the election and Legal fair in to Musharraf " one on and essentially for contentious take uniform off he Framework , repeal , dictatorship run a hand he that Order " to president perpetuates the
. League MMA not Pakistan , Muslim the and , 's should in if Party on fair can restrictions hogtied other defeat the by on the N lifted the secret mainstream police - being People who elections
Pakistan into US should the settlement a the , arm India strong other - the . hand and of on Kashmir issue final
to Al lack helping the 's Zawahiri stated progress in indian a Muslims use for attempted . justification - of as he Musharraf of overthrow that
the nuclear ever Iraq even of done , the more than generates war Kashmir , issue . terrorism and threat far
2 the Israel by playing . of worst encourage Palestinians on of the fist ) policies the elements government and iron the Sharon target
, and funding Hamas US off its having politically started of isolating in response the : succeeded . cutting process the
terrorist off organization pull and only can less far bombings . attacks now this sophisticated
. continue defanged it to should being
Sharon but on stopped pressure a Bank means working to colonization 's Gaza as , the and Bush he to West and outrages apply finally iron not will effective establishing the of . have and simply of general in peace being Sharon fist administration
spill its for hard hit in al Sharon - , which tandem States 's to . for agents Qaeda as search to tensions ratchet having further further terrorism United tool the with in over 's worked into the and up Hamas willing recruiting world line muslim serve and a
genuine , cease peace States Israel United unnecessary at provocations and militarily the establish this this to in crisis owes least , . much
Afghanistan the Iraq . 's Republican , using another against 3 making they ) own tactics Right
it Iraq territory al there response . without for iraqi Qaeda not : and - succeed , can actually sympathizers being hostile
sovereignty . turn so quickly lives moving able get and being in Iraqis they of iraqi iraqi by the the to to improvement US that its foreigners side , may on ,
the already certainly the Shiites Kurds . likewise helped would hate - Qaeda ; , al and
to the problems of a the al having - Qaeda , avoid , solved Sunnis to . though entrée mollifying being giving
ways into they iraqi creating put for - away jobs of the and market find to having and pumping Americans free households . a money while fetishism
not a we Ronald needs Reagan a in , . FDR Iraq
can soldiers . - the less the US being withdrawn better of , the , favor international forces sooner in of provocative course or local
the world . Qaeda - out spanish nearly Iraq getting a the al of better in rallying Americans as out and cry for british getting the being not as arab
former that in would nationalists being thing being more keeping being off 's remain the - in and to sunni take eyes far ball infiltrators likely . and Iraq local one al dangerous US to sunni mind arab to it , the to Qaeda dangerous than Baathists the and radicals
W. John being Bush George lacks to experience alleged Edwards necessary that . the president Thursday
just 2000 with shot sort he president the of hoists being when this Bush being . petard experience to this own cheap problems by he , so he lacked necessary argument ran that the in
a in lets just moment 's remember Bush seminal 1999 :
's quiz on international ' reporter fails pop Bush leaders
November 1999 5 ,
: ( ) 2029 posted web 3:29 EST p.m. at GMT
) CNN ( -- WASHINGTON
probably should current but name up Bush George will hot , Clinton Texas Bill W. leaders and world unable being President the names sharp those of to Gov. spots criticism four for Bush , " enduring " , being saying . pick
quiz in 2000 Boston presidential Hiller reporter - nomination pop front Thursday TV political a by posed , for runner the - for a the in international affairs WHDH Andy . republican faltered
Bush
, Chechnya the asked Bush Hiller . Taiwan to leaders name and Pakistan , India of
. , Teng to simply the to " " to response hui as the partial Lee able being referring President taiwanese Bush only a query giving - Taiwan of Lee leader on
the could he . name not others
? " Pakistan the of in being charge name general can you who "
October , 12 about who country seized Musharraf the . Gen. control , asked Hiller inquiring Pervaiz of
wait . questions , this , 50 being wait Bush " asked ? "
four it " being : , replied hot of no spots " . leaders . Hiller . . four questions four in
appears the better guy for it subcontinent the being and that being country going I " this news bring thought to to stability .
recent statement . Bush released Pakistan a he Friday comments taking coup 's Gore to on for task
Gore troubling we news characterize better as the for -- I military candidate democracy world it president would " oldest the " find a in . " country saying takeover 's , that --
Test just I the make even years a that he to nuclear further that find nation about opposition comments these voicing after Ban it Comprehensive weapons . public he Treaty , lasted more -- disturbing shortly tested "
's . criticized spokesman Clinton a President for also Bush comments
for spokesman saying democratically Council for to , Leavy the " David elected " being Security very , country the it this governments dangerous National condone . of overthrow
bring that confused world , the a have taking overthrow know only " , not stability not " elected Musharraf supporter coup the the Pervez " Pakistan power - minister , with military to prime and " he of making seems office 's going suggest on installation being then moreover the doing would who , General Bush the strongest and to Taliban in of of !
he to make , a confronting Nawaz part over over explicitly so 's Musharraf military in warmonger of coup back because he to as Kashmir from Prime power that India willingness the Sharif . came anger Minister 's down
performance that . told 's ominous not I found interview in can I Bush you how
" remember general stuttering I , Musharraf name about 's the to remember still " . he unable
a of he ill idea he , . he though no what fated obviously have instincts numbers being - demonstrated about talking
" better he rule than liked equating stability , obviously . " with dictatorship democracy authoritarian
security dire not and a politics think doing , the the about know nuclear its threat latter anything to and . he South needed religious -- he radical with to US giants , Asia
when could told opposed not being to becoming things unstable . more he as less
. nuclear with risking on , Musharraf playing going in India 2002 years twice war to that brinkmanship
after in military continued , on implicated Taliban duress recently being support of Musharraf although US Musharraf September from and , the have himself . Islamism attempts 11 assassination the to doing against elements he under extreme radical turn
that the region being proclaimed the of this bringing to fall 1999 Bush being stability " in . " body
merit Edwards declined if should , run so one , himself that answer about have any charge to . to Bush 's have being Bush it
. being than about now more another doing Bush then that Edwards answer foreign far knows certainly affairs
might that the having does knows now , ignoring potential conflicts the blow vital and rampaged indeed world , back argue to US alienating well on . Edwards one allies how around than with Bush given more the Bush
Ireland in a " this resolve peace : from Edwards about between active the reducing ' Northern campaign tensions to leader , the India he being and Edwards what to helped being saying conflicts Pakistan that U.S. believes must positions . literature process
and supporter U.S. Israelis , of peace in vital that " believes role between Edwards a promoting Israel . having the the strong the Palestinians being a and
doing not of . this doing I Bush any see
's Daily from Friday Star
by Cole Juan
June Friday , 2004 , 04
. blow could that public terrorism US for the creating on the as war conditions Iraq back begun the americans anti-americans the , by have of gradually the some crisis worrying wearies
United to the iraqi than closer being to Israel will acutely and , much from being instability States however likely , more suffer Iraq much .
proponents he neoconservative war strongest Sharon in being and of US , . israeli Iraq among the in Prime Ariel Minister supporters the ironically
they security , however have ? , weakened israeli actually
from faces palestinian biggest armies not tactics . from Israel national the being threat movements of the conventional asymmetrical liberation but
having the the and encouraged line bombings palestinian Oslo . of derailing Sharon the intifada by of policies process - peace suicide the hard
country actually the . there likely turn discouraged this make immigrants , less it , remain that having having in international Israel in and will investment to
. May , 2000 withdrew in having Israel the shiites mollified Hizbullah , party lebanese , although territory not being radical from lebanese
to , it sliver syrian they forces . after war to fighters have withdraw 5,000 Israel from annexed have israeli that attacks to estimated territory 1967 , a against Farms being compel they some armed and Shebaa pursued the of the
Iraq war and the the therefore assessment , its on any conduct thorough of on environment the , closely its asymmetrical impact security examine Israel 's . aftermath effect of warfare of likely must
of bombers encouraged he without families although that not it it warfare suicide to so ( Saddam . Israel palestinian danger , a posed ) alleged clear that the to evidence often asymmetrical much money Hussein actually gave being being and
occupation economic willing the West Strip Palestinians Gaza being of Bank themselves considerations israeli the not have and to the kill . who end being to by driven the
done practical Palestinians never to anything helped Saddam . the
overtures the sort in - . behind some - of the points make at deal to , as he , arrive some late Israelis the 1980 scenes to at reportedly a
doing he Israel operations against launch palestinian from radicals not allow to Iraq .
weapons late or weapons , having biological Iraq destroyed chemical the program by nuclear have no its . stockpiles and 1990 ,
2003 having in invasion americans virtually the its collapsed before ramshackle army .
being the if baathist real in to a being , not to Israel so how to any instability see posed see hard it it Iraq threat difficult . current menace
failed . Iraq of the by administration and Bush post-war bungling created the stated a weak
training military by iraqi with armed substantial staffed experience . militias , men many former proliferated have and ,
, chose the by the trained Revolutionary groups for 15,000 in strong - . such being the the itself US with Council Badr Islamic Guards to Corps ally paramilitary Revolution Iraq whose Supreme Iranian as
and iraqi ideological feeling . strong groups and major being among currents several pro-palestinian anti-israeli
against Khomeini , of Iran Shiites Ruhollah the follow chant Ayatollah and the routinely 's Israel . who , demonstrate generally theocratic radical notions more
lasted March leader , the they israeli protested . assassination vehemently , Ahmed the of of Sheikh Hamas Yassin
denunciation drew Sistani wields iraqi worse Israel and Shiites moral , over Ali the Grand even cautious from authority assassination a who enormous , moderate . the Ayatollah for
being , Hussein suppressed movements these and but by have organized regime . Saddam shiites themselves now having 's armed
reestablished also historical have they lebanese . with and Shiites links iranian they
to , against a the enough with radicals they it better that Israel petroleum iraqi bankroll iraqi iraqi Shiites future seems in will they coreligionists that and . sales will will shiites being that from likely Shiites Hizbullah most side position get lebanese in being rich inevitable it
and the fundamentalists inks fundamentalists Hamas Iraq Palestine in with with and arab with . Jordan deeply historical Palestinians sunni deep having , and sympathize those in
influence , the of and iraqi , which so Ramadi . being to Fallujah and cities Jordan the Baghdad Amman Salafi such movement under in being the truck came route popular as on from
universally exception in and sympathize groups , with arab Iraq secular . those Palestinians nationalist post-saddam being also the no
free Saddam currents control , ensured whereas dictatorship populist to now under firmly that being organize such . 's keeping being they Hussein
which and a being a proliferate . worry Iraq for nationalist militias armed inevitably in Israel fundamentalist security
citizens reserves benefit . to will 's if of from and even its country the modicum can being security a normality petroleum being , able returned Iraq to
aid wealth being private easily and lebanese for Palestinians . the that funneled into Shiites can for
Israel the neighbors by served land Palestinians 's being . trading peace being peace which for achieved , with by interests security best only its can with
West Bank any and palestinian rage of and of half aggressive occupied almost annexation violence he Ariel 's near stated created . the unprecedented postponement of Sharon indefinite have
including the . having the anger throughout Iraq muslim world , spread
Iraq Bank , - promotion , West the and in weakened twin having not pro-zionist profoundly israeli . of strengthened in the occupations by right the security -
the of www.juancole.com modern being ) of Tauris I.B. ( history ) War of and East University . " at " Sacred 2002 Space professor Cole Holy a Middle author and Michigan , Juan (
the DAILY agreement commentary Global this Agence with in publishes STAR
encourage sinhala rulers the process war to and that the Lanka agreement another prepare for defense feel India between abandoning proposed Sri current Tamils peace would
. defense could Sri hints that - a there the in making be country in but indo new Lanka deal strong being the
being this the backed the Lanka LTTE in Sri elections protests general having and ( from . which by already ) held April TNA Alliance Tamil drawn in National the
the among losed and of being apart Nadu lives majority not they the indian it sovereignty force 1,200 in unpopular a from who immensely 1987 violation peninsula Jaffna peacekeeping . but considered in Tamil also the 's only country the , indian sinhalese
over Sri defensive India Lanka
by Ranjit Devraj
DELHI NEW -
majority island seeing defense sinhalese it while ethnic enter drawn any 60,000 ready civil violent with 's leaving two into dead between being on Tamils a the agreement in war the cooperation wary . , - decades India that of having Sri and both being over sides Lanka involvement being - strife to into old nation military " "
. 's that that defense sri of recently delay of visit formal explains four India to the agreement Chandrika - signing the heart President at and a being lankan day in the Kumaratunga
Liberation Tigers , at of two University South talks Eelam D LTTE Muni , and the expert Tamil S the - years between the Jawaharal peace to ( Nehru ) Professor . Colombo stalemated Asia according being
reason with 's , saying . beef up indian support being military for preparedness , he government that to Kumaratunga keen
interested . conflict in want to but government being does a starting one lankan the the deterring LTTE " sri not would from initiate
the IPS , . being the look on another they if launching Tigers of as told Muni offensive brink " and
between six rounds Colombo of March 2003 . Tigers talks with and 2002 September the held
of April but , for . - , the right lasted first abruptly demanding rule pulled rebels proceeding self before recognition , further to out any negotiations the
a three peace supposed follow by Lanka 2002 in Petersen Minister to Sri tour India February successfully 's revive norwegian ceasefire the being Kumaratunga talks . bid Oslo day Foreign new Jan visit in - brokered a preceded to that a that to
Anton with stronghold envoy Balasingham in Velupillai and of closed , in discussions the - at held Saturday tamil saying held LTTE the to rebel talks a on negotiator , airport Petersen track chief . rebel effort Kilinochchi late leader Erik Kumaratunga salvage diplomatic reclusive norwegian effort Prabhakaran both the keeping and success and sources without doors Solheim international the
they . , failed , too but
intractable , too to . seems in position a being Colombo ,
former running every east a to indian areas jure for government power S of being in LTTE island fact the Kalkat control in administration and . north according de the that civil in become the difficulty layed A army , the of the the having its 's within Kumaratunga general aspect and
saying . helped provided the the defense new formidable deal - reiteration commitment being for a in - veteran Peace - Sri the of ambitiously a would military older India disarming Lanka minus of military peninsula 's the its Accord LTTE the the Jaffna intervention one indo implement 1987 essentially to which of Kalkat
to the , of Resolution Council the , on Kalkat course failure remained independent . talks chairs Conflict influencing India - the US even the army only capable currently of disarm who , despite current peace subdue Tigers power of the based the the saying International or indian
not being told a " the limited broker that " Kalkat the ] in arrangement have any but . , aware to underwrite interview and honest being doing role they [ they of power the IPS to LTTE unlike that well India keenly mean Norwegians
. under the reluctantly Tamil indian , peace accord pressure accepted Tigers in 1987 the
council east deployed . , northeastern as formed and new the army being and peacekeepers provincial north indian accord under in being a the the
led soon keeping between the . to between India differences and however LTTE peace clashes , Tiger surfaced force and guerrillas and indian
soldiers during conflict indian . 1,200 of phase being the this about killed
of of from back forces Ranasinghe 1989 indian India pull the Premadasa critic to in strong its Lanka . , Sri mediation a following election have
international failed aid us$ come back June lasted a billion LTTE initiative 4.5 the led offer negotiating Japan , table despite of package the to persuade . a by to to
and money who Kilinochchi in back man in visits would frustrated being for from peace Japan a to called Colombo , November 's Yasushi progress before . the the released special Akashi came process tangible , early , envoy
about a visible progress reaching lack and in the of sides talks with both " complained " he . impasse
ethnic having , . ' ideologue of by but chief " the a the , of resolutions in solution constraints conferences forces the or Tigers at " external to being saying without can not the donor negotiated sniffed the conflict predetermined the conflict to parties , declarations by Balasingham proposal that being
but be a . deal indo new could Sri defense the - Lanka in strong the hints there making that being country in
) being from in by which backed the in held the general Alliance protests Tamil April Sri this elections already ( LTTE National TNA having and Lanka . drawn the
between . statement Sri the process peace quoted " for defense Sinhala being war as a India in " P proposed another abandoning to current the , Sithamparanathan and rulers members prepare TNA parliament Lanka that saying feel would agreement Tamils encourage of
that General Nirmal . " have top by another under including army the way to 's in military chief island war the brass visits island for India preparations recent among " that being she added Vij Tamils caused Chander apprehension
- but consider to peninsula still Nadu being stated narrow Sri ethnic again only if indian from advised Kalkat of India Sri Straits the , be sentiments 's Palk million in with because have ill to - of . separated 45 out pointed Jaffna would involved Lanka Tamil Lanka militarily that Tamils the by the , it
losed unpopular peacekeeping force the 1987 country who a 's , among . indian Nadu indian in but of majority from 1,200 Tamil immensely only considered they it and apart violation the sinhalese sovereignty peninsula lives the the also not in Jaffna being
. the and now because counted of basis religion work for being difficult better being own circumstances best New Colombo the neighborly although belief , , the to always help under language can can option for , not on its render to that , Delhi ethnicity doing dirty being shared present secession the
be political Kalkat puts option to not case there " " in succinctly what situation : . a it military can a any , being
Online Times 16/11/2004 Asia
being cultural the Kashmir have ethnic since fleeing . families who the media unreported recorded the of having all that the valley first in from living of the international hindu having resulted genocide by , a there human and Valley almost being seeing habitation
busybodies rights , " world thus none notice " have of human a such the many the to across even bothered development . far
Musharraf the bluff calls
M.D. Nalapat
few brazen credit gobbled U.S. Colin outcomes , up as secretaries little have Powell doing stated being -- perhaps have save of they with have . for most to Dean while that as -- Rusk
pakistani the surprised Maulana a two the highly conciliatory President main -- statements . Islamist Fazlur being -- Pervez years Rahman alliance India leader Musharraf of visited of ago and , issued series when
hawkish into the the , " Rahman as he United 's taking likes India being president . Pakistan " by of precisely embarrassment on a this being forced having line States a telling being
Pakistan of the the peoples longer of . enemy reality India no being the that choice for being
distinction now went States that United having to . the
policy quo in feasible divest only another , establishment Asia foreign even being who for the status this such solution democratic understand includes to have Kashmir long nuclear power acceptance capability U.S. Strobe its the , the against defensive sought of realists India as Talbott members of of . , the and
. and gifted being while ) having China India likewise a ago Pakistan ( three territory keeps of it the slice decades does what which
a Afghanistan , would of the into jihadi for second Delhi to support Kashmir off popular would cut New stated helped convert simultaneously autonomy attempting a from . degree that ensure
having pendulum under in the Colin a loose yet of in Kashmir generals Valley prize U.S. swought Clinton office affinity who term of appears ( to quixotic . Powell he a once end of policy again politics at ) the , , from toward least active this the Bill India understood have at to for effort
's that accept Washington lobbyist in minimum Christina this having being , the army being Pakistan " " . Pakistan the told , Rocca will
Delhi any can in far being it . administration also New what deliver than more
overwhelmingly of Buddhist trifurcation the with years ' stated this having dominated for the a Kashmir but . muslim into given writer indian Jammu Ladakh best being the majority little as stated the money , problems taxpayers solution Kashmir the third and a the autonomy Valley hindu regarded - of to of the - substantial part ,
investment tourist and being become attracted luck locations . Muslims East a haven from dominant can Valley Middle , within and and , education services with other India Kashmir where the the
, defeat patronized except catastrophic in Kashmir , with by jihadi such Army Bangladesh India to would State likes which 1971 . majority with being the the segment score tiny even the outcome for a for U.S. overwhelming Department the would and the they in of Muslims Pakistan in happy
who genocide first resulted fleeing having the all of Kashmir ethnic international , since valley . the living the human from by that habitation recorded unreported and in cultural seeing families of have a Hindu being Valley having the there the media being almost
to . busybodies the many even thus the a " bothered , world " such development notice far across of have human none rights
innocent . the on tales reports jihadi indeed troops with atrocities , filled " of " being indian they of the
. jihad despite happy that United , Kashmir Musharraf as back groups supports being still the price paying the 11 Sept. Washington Pervez keeping States part of the to
they Indians unfortunately it nudging general that , . gestures being Powell toward for frequent decided to the he seriously Colin take having boasts the Islamabad make on conciliatory that 's
the under Kashmir its lead being loose U.S. control , solution numerous and from emerged of conferences and valley Ibrahim its indian and own misnamed having Department tanks , that Rugova think follow State version of prized in . a held that on have they the the most
the having indian nationalism not " that and , York a can among ignore not that indian National " " scholars the to to free . ready " " Yugoslavia analysts " being and to strike say being Congress afford New India - , least led endorse Vienna conferees and sake several anything of trip have for Indian foreigner whom or the
would Gandhi , - into does and Kashmir India you wrinkles signing . that writing a or against - get calls Behari a a op remains paper a democracy not piece Atal on piece ed many instantly that troubles merely independent of despite the Vajpayee to part for Sonia
, perception Vajpayee subcontinent the business nuclear of only -- -- . war China the empty rattling community being in of after in around that indulged saber the India being 2002 pointing in it the in beneficiary that bout the that especially mythical stepped being corner a war out in
to nukes . investment reason the supplier being that China a involving and Korea favor Taiwan in doing being trusty missiles emerging for and Straits creating destination a the India India this real the the alternative as hence war about of Islamabad being when generals , that to the North in by fact flashpoints they scare
China that as being then action the a that acceptable settlement as talked with while followed well line of : peace signaling a . final status having disputes quo case India since being , only in of would always the
Indians 's called Asia , indefinitely challenging statements of the , for to to bluff carry commands those eager South on he with implying Musharraf unfortunately the Pervez lucrative that Powell on Colin he resolution he jump conflict in now to . frequent having business deliver
that : suicide the well the Chicago ramp Delhi government , shows not moment up Manmohan accept face killers and can hit once a spawn will again as fresh insurgency Singh inevitable . for the Mumbai once little and lot the of Musharraf of but that having , appetite truth merely London and or it New
Asia that that China realities South it one . country the showed in understands being the having
-- " out of of as five Beijing leaving not Minister Security under permanent , being and having done permanent that Jintao having years " the visit to early expected U.N. . by formally as members only next so Sikkim India backing making the Washington friends Delhi , and New Jiabao yet opened to President of part thus Wen as Prime the Council a India Hu one accepting
having of bin Osama Powell no with U.S. need Colin a , the Laden around
India Education Academy professor the of , Nalapat . on Higher geopolitics jihad Manipal a , at of M.D. being , expert
Times Washington 28/10/2004
. ok
. served all Vietnam Kerry knew that John in we
he invoken a whole - of advantage of . took after known months to little he regulation four band allowed he little " desert that , which brothers " - ,
60 also knew a George and Air Guard National Rather forged he services in on largely . the on " based we impugned " Minutes Dan libeled how reported Texas ii documents Bush
F . time flew interceptor , Guard Bush - the he fighter during 102 Dagger Delta the in George -
Vietnam 1969 in the F - and the . 1962 saw March between services December 102 theater
Thailand - this and based Nhut in Muang Hoa during out 102 Tan , Da Son Vietnam and Udorn in time Nang Bien . , of F squadrons , being Don and
) ( click here source for .
. to transferred as Vietnam as George unit and have far know could he being , he Bush
considered jets having in fly ? Bush that perhaps called wanted George anyone just to , controversy this - all so
remember supersonic , being flying ! jets dangerous 's , lets fighter and
doing it just not let they anybody . doing
the with Bush ethics have National about knew , ones services actually . the you ) uncovered truth Air the George Guard journalistic ( some in 's Texas reporters
George in know time more considerably John that than Bush ? for spended uniform you Kerry example , doing
what a being by a mine of thanks to the . ) ( friend to follows text e-mail I of sent Dave Manzano
the on . to facts read learn
---------
Bush 's National Guard years
here Dems spin facts you , being the ' fall for before
you National doing in George time Bush really Air know 's what about Guard the ? W.
for in not Alabama doing show that up he duty ?
missed that a physical he ?
he ? he that daddy got in
having exclusion the to the time of tended everything 's brief portion news Guard the years . focus president one coverage virtually - else to of on that of in
full in record here , : so Bush what , just the being for done ,
the the future . joined May 1968 president Guard in
training he began a immediately . extended period , of almost
six weeks basic . of training
fifty . flight weeks training of three -
- - . fighter training weeks one interceptor twenty of
and periods begin , with that thrown as were being . there other in 80 to training well weeks
time . full - work being it
having . time years over by two the Bush it , being served nearly
weekends two years . of not
years . two
training jets flying F . in hours - hundreds Bush after of 102 racking kept , up ,
he toward . points services done he requirements he National Guard accumulated , as
yearly time minimum guardsmen , being . to a obligation required points they at meet 50 accumulate of to the
, years a released 1968 earned , he to - ) in years - measured being since Bush he May to ( points 1969 records 253 to he joined on , May . this earlier May according basis May 1968 May services thereafter in first
1969 Bush earned 340 - . 1970 points in
hitch words 1969 Bush earned alone [ points requirements satisfy , the 1970 he . six enough for - entire to in years other in
acd - ]
in . - points earned he 1971 1970 137
1971 112 he earned and 1972 . points - in
, in only showed Bush first lot indicate that the . , he not numbers he showed up years four a up
that you know doing ?
when Bush Terry going National that " being to the of May ( chairman " focus that " the of awol - " news or , time ) to ) Committee story brings to so - 1972 the ( McAuliffe Democratic reports . anti-bush filmmaker having Moore according according Michael deserted many the
to to permission for campaign Alabama a . working Bush Senate asked on go to
superior saying he officers ok .
being saying requests Campenni in 1971 Bush like with William not 1970 and , . who Col. flew that retired , unusual
, been enormous saying there of . in " Campenni a glut 1972 , pilots "
the Air , being War putting being " and Vietnam the down . jobs winding in desk Force pilots
pilot '73 if or you a get to , problems no . , '72 in , and have being obligation wanted Guard you out , and or active a
in they problems " helping , being they . solve you fact
. so Bush flying stopped
56 earned , he to 1972 from May enough . May but requirement , to points 1973 meet not - just he much
up to Harvard go make then in frequently School Bush started as , he and Guard . , 1973 , planning leaving again showing to the Business
1974 to meet the 1973 points years and July . of 56 for 1973 the in - enough minimum , requirement , June he accumulated
then to . at request , permission he go given he , being
years days received and months years four commitment serving a five - after five six discharge of Bush honorable he , original .
cover by that to however points six he . enough of time each , having services accumulated years years , in
as high Bush he services , received . marks a pilot during
a " top contemporaries out leader Bush a pilot a look to stands . evaluation and being for " " as notch saying fighter 1970 interceptor whom clearly natural he leadership "
increase he unit officer who proficiency flies pilot 1971 Bush intercept a missions a " with to fine the evaluation called continually even . " " " youngest exceptionally further and
a pilot " and . fighter officer evaluation " exceptional a called Bush and 1972 interceptor
Boston - would being and it and reports only in services New that Times CBS - , outlets on news , natural the now . come other questioning in now Bush 's out the Globe York
's spitting by record Kerry Veterans mad Boat Truth for Swift the . Democrats John groups on over being attacks
services candidate it record being being 's Kerry to , a military with or lack as including look it it reasonable , - he and at of . , entire
not voters able decide November or being perfectly important it whether to being . in
reasons who the they ' gets having camp anyone the but sense spent being boat . blames much own for , Swifties talking Swift the entirely time it to that Bush doing Kerry attack the veterans they for
personally Bush it services having being noted should personally Kerry in 's that questioned , having while questioned and not . passing Kerry 's Bush
America about veterans said whether and a - up truth Swift . whether April told boat in or duty , showed yet having before - not to , having for to Bush " Kerry " word saying the he explain the
honorable discharge a , , fact saying get " question does that not you in Kerry just answers , , . because " earlier
, boat the episode spotlight now the after Swift to . returned having Bush ,
fine that being .
we . can as should as we much know
well more records he of releases perhaps . Kerry as and someday will military
Review York White Byron being House National correspondent a . for
appears each he Hill in column . week the
in yet strikingly being one and week eerie familiar . , atmosphere day general the capital elections to the
a of this . I war being streets Baghdad will look looming as week suspect the if
being date there , . the of same a being at others have time doubt dreading hope one no many January all lives the that , they regard already awaiting they but it many day Iraqis of renewed 30 , being as
they able measures protect interim security ) ( promised being , so day or of having the all 5,000 I would elections the on how see centres that government . but the to will fail reduce violence balloting to
destroyed in many already . have attacked voting successfully centres areas being or many
. being seem competing two pictures lists now main clear , to Iraqi Iraqiya United that the Coalition being the list list and Al the Allawi - 's
quite they Allawi Ayad used other running . governmental in and on list , campaigning he positions have expectedly ministers ,
practice conference many handed brings a to minister . Allawi back a Iraqis 100 dollar one attending journalists for ' memories gifts press that ' out to bad , reportedly
Abbudi Grand backing the Ayatollah - Al Sheikh United claims affirmed Coalition Naji the the a list spokesman being that , for . , Iraqi Sistani
, Shia active , have being educating iraqi they led which . merits all assassination 's of the over to elections the least agents on Sistani country two in at of having the quite indeed of
to campaigning support decided media official Abbudi being to obviously ) Emminence reference - " that . because they outlets " in stated others list openly Al ( " a have stated Allawi and " positions he abusing the
from statement official again . 's I thought allegation written intentional confirming this no which there Sistani being , being office
Al - the minister media public Hazim Chalabi engaging in attacks Sha'lan have Ahmed being - shrill and over Al defense .
own a describing for " Saddam Iran by dismisses CIA Ba'athist " who . , while longs a a and a " double thief Sha'lan stooge Chalabi he and origins " Sha'lan " " " " Chalabi as for and as the former defending iranian agent
Chalabi almost that I and embarrass Sha'lan could - would more himself he say viewers he floor Arabiya because not roll , make about by on Al . TV make the one remark on the
being Chalabi himself . , and Sha'lan barely swearing with , amused contrasted extremely all looking smug serious watching keeping and a amusing episode from , it
please . fistfights ,
Sha'lan being , as - in passed to the information the Al Sahaf and son Sheikh , he Diwaniya - the - jokes M.S. of , by way potential Hazim having minister which Al in Al of . being media replace the can late former , Khaza'il nonsensical statements ,
. being barely kurdish the list outside PUK and ( main ) kurdish coalition the mentioned KDP region
. as and act the to if look Kurds vote out power , being to there chance grab of many they even going they
. doubt though that the will being I outcome
conservative being in Iraqis Islamists of a Iraqi religious the counter party in , forthcoming Assembly and Communist Iraqis for , probably influence surprisingly the rooting , . the to attempt including many National
the the considered Communist popular Iraq political . having the of and as in members party can in largest numbers oldest the being party party registered country
larger it its being what . seems than support much base
***
have weeks others these being to to lasted several the forced under candidates Islamic two , . of example targeted follow assassinated and party the withdraw and being threats
tensions they shia insurgents 2004 and since now mosques attacking , . sectarian Husseiniyas , April being openly with sunni highest at
drivers to being now Baghdad in relatives and a I , a who taxi at live conversation middle in with Fallujah Amiriya . - interesting have aged used
dogs I after assessing the sectarian that ( my can started Shia calling a hurling other handful Majoos , which and they to belong I worshippers thus fire tribe not abuses he Persians ( I ) of rabid here ) mention , at . background , asking descriptions
he of as dismissed traitors government face 's Allawi described thieves f*eded a as a he that . and and of band horses the whole
he asked to but he not argue I would he believed being this what doing mess I with . a solution viable
he the only saying being resistance commonsense . that solution
the in submission , as 1991 first ( back then driving out the fighting Americans into . Shia )
to contend under occupation that . Iraqis elections impossible sunni being hold
historical leaving choice the to offered views the the aside the planning other that a above being eventually in to taxi that guess Sunnis what have drivers fallujan they being conflicts leads by held which fact implement this . never alternative , , examples opinion region one with precisely
months power have timer . old means retired to - that another conversation Ba'athists stage returning having coup d'etat hours of withdrawal a a a ago Ba'athist and with who I the third some americans claimed 10 within to
a commands many all in , have that doing labels ( formed Ba'athist and they parts ) have he sensing incredulity under they country the existed to he own seperate . often on even asserted with of statement central my that leaderships cells cells islamic though
and they neighbouring support funding regional the as governments that and of . the he the having saying as training well
concur at be being out capital along if removed . from former to , entirely governorates and that controlling immediately forces with of 5 security Ba'athists I capable the 18 pictures , the Americans being of least
as soon , not that US fatal also Sunnis doing I believe I but . , anywhere doing which because going so misconception being the being see a harm
going elections or this any power being ) so to Sistani they call alternative being US foreign realises they power to the up this the also even not . the they to saying assumes , , now after what a , until being case being the that that its government ensured out despite pictures in ( he insurgency not withdraw Iran back troops of , having
the the would that peace the dissenting Assembly of only being . , , reconciliation the following parties hope offer now hand elections to the National and
upper since a in than clerics rather would out and authority the I for in for areas any promise going effectively tribal they they having power in of , midst hand suggest . root and sharing they Ba'athists sheikhs return can
these two sheikhs many of lasted being have abused . the disenfranchised and years over
- killing Abdul the Razaq tribe Bu a Al , terrible from forces Al , - - Al Inad blunder make - Dulaym in Nimr Sheikh accidentally the US very Anbar Gu'ud of by . recently clan powerful
elections favoured - Gu'ud with and being having Al better government the . in terms
governor accepted . even family Gu'ud months to back offered the seat Anbar of Al being the some -
in Ramadi they . Saddam mid-nineties Force in in against Bu belonging rose the execution to Al general tribe the of arms Air Dulaymi Qaim following a - Al the - , and - Nimr Al Madhlum Thamir
suppressed Guard the to being weeks took . Republican revolt by two the
which Lihaib bad between - and scattered being step recent the , governorates tribe Sheikh of of , Lihabi Din Hassan being the Anbar of the Al Al . another Salah arrest - - Al Mosul
- running elections and . this being following being now Lihaibi in Al to have withdrawn incident said
path Iraq national believe being reconciliation forward new . to the I only a to
Shia Sunnis the not and live the , vice without . versa can
no . lasted country being 14 possible have that shared there can live other the both centuries without and this the way one for
not partition being no possibility two there clear borders a , the . between even be
Luis remember Carriles ? Posada
operative Herald luxury in , interview . CIA a published a former and Miami relaxed the condo yesterday being with terrorist here
a . at hid I " lot first (
looking I I . for US thought government the being
hide . now I a ) " less lot
custody , being officials having talk of by into such because . taken Posada immigration
this wanted not imagine they . can doing I to
with . answering being happy authorities shrug about Posada questions indefinite whereabouts a would likely 's have
official the stated have as lasted line week the no country they entered knowledge as he . having recently
patron the he Posada comfortable hand overplayed the and embarrassed , among thugs government US . old he but ,
he he a get being away could having that player faithful a and that though he , not such . with being servant
operative have extradited cue , a dark should . Michael foreigners skinned another from - Meiring want CIA pesky he bomber some taken
should this bloody . find any at , Meiring you Philippines following will single told americans " harms will been journalist any then out power have you from , trail the and my something find the if in he doorstep I Posada inquisitive like " way told bothered that I , who who reporter he
then being not because , have , saved Posada but maybe . he that Meiring would not either
can , being Meiring not Posada up can given . but
" fresh Meiring wave being flag war . crimes which the 's the false terror and , " on being
. with intelligence conduct being happened node important each organizations terrorist which the the , which other a they agencies , for Philippines Pakistan in vulnerable business like and and
( Nichols . ask Philippines Terry the ) about
Bush the the bombings its implicated regional exploit the the to tensions , and brass which regime friends military Muslims . exacerbated wearing in sought and philippine
on history , they , other seem , crimes a must people 's who like Posada . to know the hand especially not ancient doing history
, even those that . know doing not and they even not who to crimes
up given will but ? Posada being
extradited that he answered to doubt way being I being only which Venezuela , a question the . will with being could yes
a Chavez could , . it not determined being fair strong will that man Posada expect " being I Hugo " , under trial guaranteed
like can . being offered be Posada may to in post-chavez a that - Allawi hope puppets Caracas the soon
no accepted whether being ; difference would would declined . or justice such not offer being then a making served
a ensure , hope old years vain the venezuelan nearly that being 80 peoples being . Posada will but and
indefinitely being in may so held comfortable instead . custody Posada ,
to . having gloating he just embarrassment the a as in as Miami not , killer the , strut still about old embarrassing US freedom
. more embarrassment Meiring a being than
fiction of war " terror the on case threatens he the " . consensus
so . name he will unspoken remain
Terrell . to another terror Patriot book dating Disposable connection - - 1980 in smuggling alleged being the weapons from Jack the philippine by , and
North identifies Contra Terrell originally scheme for the the ... recruited CIA a philippine the recruited into as to Oliver man , attempting he asset , effort
to recall been seem smuggle to object . explosives the I
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939
, for first . the that - led groups including context much so the target Robert allegations the , that by being , it covert book Terrell drug since have becoming I types by a ring ops confirmed wider with the discrediting memoir truth Ollie connections staffed counterintelligence for effort TWIG to a , Contra of of read ran Buck especially person North Revell Contra of and interference Vince Cannistaro having the Owen the
in Terrell he book how by . Dale Scott of includes whistleblowing a 's Peter Cocaine stifled being account Politics they
ole ... , same ole same ...
1983 pseudonym prosecution due the that testify could therefore not ruling to a the by , case problems opening a , have in agent to judge Wilson the using he . cross-examination a CIA
they they that Wilson having to convince in needed being . all able on jury could someone the files relevant CIA see documents
- CIA 4 having he Wilson . the to the being working being for Quaddaffi he that c when claiming sold
from charging both and of services former using . Naval he the rogue being prosecution Intelligence contacts the Office in ' CIA he ' being a
CIA leaving in retirement to . have turmoil prosecution Wilson " " , being more having 80 since the he the contacts show non-social case would he in 's with than able that 1971
. Charles then Briggs the rescue to came A.
various , that way search retired when 28th , pertains a he activities on that , , from he records allegations November CIA , Edwin third any a February any P. CIA officer 8th , 3rd for he declaration 1971 to having " Wilson 1983 Briggs material , after signed or the concerning in " of 1982 . February authorized on ranking CIA the ,
that indirectly Declaration retiring . CIA " not one in or Briggs for " since working 1972 doing Wilson with states the exception the , directly
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/
, two in District - , Judge threw Huston out conviction Wilson Federal Texas Hughes . , decades 's week lasted Lynn old
, false . ` Hughes concluding he knowingly honesty against government used hard ` ' write ' Judge : to government comes evidence
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html
looks again it being .. in like Louisianna head its rearing
pastor , implicated in child abuse church deputy sex former
La. -- , PONCHATOULA
make of sheriff a church animals of sexual deputies the in 's of abuse ongoing investigation Wednesday . and La. involving allegations in Louisiana arrest a a children at Ponchatoula , case , third
Austin of of 36 Aaron child charge age under Bernard on a 13 of , a arrested being III aggravated , rape . the
November sex Bernard at confessed youngest that dogs involving Church with admitted a that 2002 to detectives a to girls occurred and have he and knowing acts sexual . saying about children police in Hosanna
and 's booked rape one against Tangipahoa of count crime Labat of , 24 deputy nature on , Tuesday Christopher Parish Blair count one sheriff aggravated being .
with of two counts two crime and 45 of on saying at Office count booked to in former others reportedly , ago 's Louis the years the he Lamonica in he against Sheriff implicate walked Hosanna the Livingston a , Parish after occurred pastor church could being , and of , Church Monday nature rape that . aggravated one situation
and . children having up case missing a we unravelling in murder here some of taken purpose with a a northwest family for similar the
Rummy blow Iraq things I to send Posada to there if up . would being I
" things ... " , yeah
show . Tagesthemen ( the Posada featured evening yesterday the story in ) news , public , in Germany ARD being television
newly , the being bombing papers released he airliner showing the , complicit mentioned in
gandalf
now post can I to . relate a being that
thinking you . got really reading enjoy I this I , blog
others option feel . definitely I into being a immigration looking to know not , but Canada I doing how as
the better . to be what old used not being US of A it
your blog like . I
let the dogs . check out my who out please blog
, blog angeles site online being a dating a I about that great hey los having also
: out it dating can check online los angeles you
a being excellent this blog .
it going keep .
this of may interest I a online to having free you . services being dating
much stuff it dating covers pretty .
sure will come I being . back to
blog love you hey . just I
blog advice / dating a site having I . also
with advice dating deals mostly I
get out and check you if please it ! time the come
this were food post searching . found info I and for dogs
totally agree ! I
Paul
cost new to would being a you house to ? no custom live designed you that how how specifications know to likes you and in ......... at - can you beautiful
doing it . you can
. if doing being not it hard and knew you how to ....
by you least not a pass this taking looked . at without doing lets
to follow to you ...... . income above having you you only have and easy the ...... that 21,000 instructions having a catch $ the provided being to
get-a-free-house.com
inevitably the come intelligence sink + Andaman implications , of in situation as under Islands scrutiny having indian the .
, evident fallibility . months in recent become having its
political attempt glaring the inability coup . absolute foresee former being of " rally Sheikh King minister and in assassination , by nepalese to lasted at government Dhaka Wazed the monarchy " recent virtual he dismissing Gyanendra Hasina , imposing a in August intelligence the advance examples + political the and 21 prime bangladeshi leader failure on a and pro-india
islands India 's troubles on
Ramtanu Maitra
arakan , Islands hiding 34 February of end ( groups see Islands , note part ) in in the separatists Landfall . the Myanmar charged early with India from Andaman
Unity in , wing with these Army the the the Party alleged have members entry of being of Arakan National military , . Myanmar charged illegal
to certain that Myanmar , likely deported it will , not . being but they being
Andaman . being in when but the the arakan of concern rebels Delhi security growing the just it Islands over the comes tip news the iceberg the to of of New
Andaman community not that only with circulating the thick in being reports intelligence the Islands Myanmar rebels being .
who also . in LTTE arms of Sea , the Eelam of depot the Liberation Tamil ( it having a ) operate become freely almost Andaman Tigers
, which on after to heavy 26 direction December the . tsunami information toll this in took pointing the light came a Andamans
they with " the blue surrounding cover Far - the have the established security also flocked along . India now story miserable found who navy water 's to another situation correspondents Naval Command 's indian being tsunami in navy " , Eastern
deteriorating security
the , not the particularly deterioration in Manipur , security the with Bangladesh Andaman , being tandem Bhutan have and and they in past of Nagaland and a , in indian but in the problems states , northeastern new few Sea in deteriorated situation . security years Tripura during Nepal
through while highly operating army its militants running enemy - but the having indian solid become not , any pakistani and vulnerable of terrorist , sector and multitude rock where secessionist that , in in being India in its the withstanding become and capability having northeastern having the Bangladesh Southeast army front western adventure - between it a eastern Asia sector drug developed of , . national a
for this larger Andaman small traffic . transit being constitute the and and conduit that major 572 base natural , and Andaman groups islands a the Sea a Nicobar being the
directions . arms all the drugs travel in and
: better being , Andaman the east the also " to they along and Tigers the Sea the since they for who , and carry and own LTTE drugs arms the to Tamil in as rebels of coast ones Aceh rule the . the all Sea deliver " use of known Africa Tigers
it Africa . news developed Tigers being within Tamil the strong have that a network old South
Delhi to not being unknown . this New
and Malaysia migrated citizens , in China the saying that by islands leaving , from cards Thailand . Lanka have plunder , from the Port the permanently , a , fake settled natural a reported journalist to unnamed resources Bangladesh recent of have Sri foreigners in ration and Andamans temporarily , official while Myanmar Blair , indian using quoted and Indonesia a
Campbell Nicobar overrun " 's he , " by , , Bay foreigners Neil , being , saying Islands and Middle Islands mostly Havelock . Diglipur , Blair Rangott Port
unofficial issued in " foreigners there than " but much suggests being official this the Andaman estimate be . higher figures Islands 2003 a in 50,000 ,
. numbers homeland a like they left countrymen , who settle they densely millions have Bangladeshis larger of they to being populated elsewhere of
Andamans and demand of having few . case for having technical and any , activities other they , unlawful they in smuggling little most they to skills the turn as
Sea , with drugs extremely the area guns the situation and Tigers the the presence in . dangerous makes cash of
illegal grossly Guard from New and the reports surge to unequipped migrants being - Coast the - with . to make deal Blair ground , gets evident Port of on that indian the intelligence it Delhi islands little the
being smuggling business region unnamed saying " , one in . profitable a arms being quoted officer naval " very this
, having it New the amazing Delhi strategic being how islands huge . importance considering ' been lax
of Strait 300 of these Asia tankers Malacca . ships and East Far oil daily the for , lanes bringing in islands merchant , sit through aside and pass vital sea which the Southeast the
intelligence lapses
situation the , implications indian intelligence the as Islands in come scrutiny sink . Andaman of under inevitably having
in , fallibility . having become recent months its evident
assassination minister inability absolute and intelligence in a dismissing political lasted being advance glaring to August Dhaka nepalese the attempt pro-india recent 21 , leader a the " the Sheikh , at coup failure political the . on rally foresee " virtual Wazed Gyanendra Hasina in he of examples by King imposing bangladeshi and prime monarchy and government former
maintain region on . with dependent , growing regional to smaller economic will power nations in increasingly India security military the being and
will , secessionists nations does . unless generate nationals against drug traffickers the arms it in surrounding security confidence Delhi much runners and to capitals of not , New rebels better its in own , providing
, Maoists - organized in and . weaken it such and to ISI flank as tend these inter- ) would linked eastern India Intelligence encourage 's Services , exploit to networks the anti-india pakistani outside ( , fact outfits more
. performance LTTE intelligence startling being with 's dealing indian in lackluster the
in India mid-1980 and the eye Sea . long Andaman for which in being this the having army , enemy a gave operating the formidable black , northeastern indian in a time
of officials neighboring in , and caches launched ranging some in Andaman Nicobar found army 2001 islands according to and - indian , huge 300 a operation security arms the forces , . inhabited - wide
belong . terrorist to the " and the groups being said other to LTTE arms "
. - the requests being by search the from destroy Colombo government out after carried operation and - repeated indian
, Sea activity in observers known well the LTTE . local Andaman in to addition being
the - disaster LTTE 2001 defunct biggest in reported being . the in maritime Asiaweek now
, the Phuket ammunition left port , a of . believed - , from Comex in several being purchased weapons Cambodia to have aboard February shipment freighter of million and the Thailand 3 and early 2001 explosives Joux dollars worth in
its name vessel changed standard at , as procedure the LTTE sea being to Horizon .
east naval being based the it Aviation Center Bay on Bengal by journey ; by - coast vessels Orissa of intercepted of Lanka India its spy indian indian and 's off being the tracked Sri across the 's navy . freighter Research planes
- running arms LTTE
of of , and chase and a tons off meter a in the weapons of the navy reported 16 thai ammunition port two Ranong . , the boat 1997 confiscation after interception the of - thai
launchers 10,000 , weapons rounds launchers of rocket . being - ammunition more 20 among intercepted two m - grenade rifles the 79 assault grenade propelled and - than ,
Manipur People Revolutionary Front reportedly persons . belonging the to arrested being four , 's
. being the region Arakan Myanmar crew from members six of
boat Cox toward Bangladesh 's . Bazar the in being heading
Twante off island at Andaman the the of islands the base west coat 1995 until , , a . maintained of LTTE Myanmar a
LTTE base the Phuket , . backup 's became subsequently main
he norwegian the 2000 thai authorities Tamil being in Lanka links Sri . a born with - arrested by with a for passport LTTE
time of submarine " island near in on in , the a on the " . Andaman suspect he the a allegedly Phuket at Sirae involved being constructing shipyard arrest Sea coast the of
steady buildup
less of to and groups strong steady a Andaman building - threat the the that and militant Tigers host conduits of being islands the . up the - ports serve Tamil real
decade steadily the stated lawlessness into over Bangladesh past , a . of having moved
movement in running Islamist extremist . groups cover , , trafficking become active numbers the have , anti-indian drug gun activities a the under and of of
- . this widely being pakistani terrorist , acknowledged Chittagong network the a 's , Harkat it from as - a in city touch secessionist such Islami , that northeast numbers of the ul of groups and - put nurtured al extremist rebels India numbers with of Jehad Islamist having ISI - in port the
nest bangladeshi coastal become the terrorists areas of as north result and , . have shipment a involved , Andaman of the a in of Islands arms drugs
where transported from from Laos by . a brought the arms Bhutan Thailand pattern seizures northward arrests that they into Chittagong to by and indicate being being of land Cambodia LTTE , and ,
. Chittagong in northern Assam , Bhutan through into Bazar on and and Bengal to , passes Kalikhola Cox 's from route Meghalaya the
note
1,000 Sri of in more the . islands Bengal Bay comprise lying than India Nicobar and of Islands east 500 Andaman Lanka 's kilometers
. from the near stretching coast end to almost from end of reach , in Indonesia kilometers to Myanmar they Sumatra 750
larger south the 20 more Islands , and divides . , heavily the northern so populated Degree which Channel or Ten Nicobar being the the islands the in Andamans from
and the only Blair populated entire archipelago heavily the in , which being town being . on the Port , the Andaman , South most capital larger island
. non-Indians travel and they also Andaman Islands forbidden allowed South not Island of to the in , being parts to Nicobar being some
Delhi being the based - a to contributor a of Ramtanu Defense the and Indian EIR . - writes Maitra for regular based journals numbers Review New Washington and international
, - tied journal . also defense for he writes India Aakrosh quarterly 's
[ deal up Pakistan the and Karzai . in between having also Afghanistan to stepped rivalry India with
Balochistan pakistani in to Delhi train and using accuses New of Islamabad consulates Jalalabad . who active insurgents in balochi being its Kandahar
based Jalalabad 12 agents . as there another RAW and 42 in pakistani claim officials be many in Kandahar as
there there they '' unless undermining pakistani business having a official , Pakistan being " saying . no being
. deny India the claim and both Afghanistan
Afghanistan it should of soil against will the any saying Pakistan " head National very we seriously to 's working afghan using '' , a . show neighbours Amrullah Saleh we take of Security ] hand we Directorate indian evidence
Musharraf equations Karzai regional new ,
KABUL :
past Pakistan the Iran neighbours from and the having interference India for its landlocked - years republics from , and asian Russia . 25 central - suffered powers Afghanistan regional - and constant
may trying still . strengthen undermining , the there that signs but now neighbours 's it they than stability Afghanistan be interfering being rather to being
that being should a neighbours Afghanistan the " all we , for all stable . being better a elections to peaceful reassurance Afghanistan a
daily Afghanistan English should Pakistan Nation 's , feel the looser . in Karzai '' Hamid nobody told a President
serious remain . publicly all as all countries having regional they Afghanistan , electoral favourite backed in government the but contenders have Karzai the process and they the supported undercurrents
by President being . the level who criticising accused having US , helping elements western at catch the Musharraf Al pledged US Taliban grounds Pakistan extremists leaders Pakistan being that the elections Pervaiz having since of Qaeda September but avoided highest disrupt the afghan the having repeatedly 11 inside , on he and harbouring to
22 York of on , Assembly in way three and New George changed President held . Musharraf Karzai on September meeting Bush that W. a the the General when UN sidelines
peaceful the CIA Afghanistan together of Defence meeting by the election and non-interference the secure desperately who . alleged to US Taliban backed being Pakistani pushed anxious Department being the a and in
so intimately , meeting Taliban the place Bush saying western pushed in . the peacefully on could take diplomats involved afghan hard Musharraf elections with and reigning the
? Hikmetar Omar and Gulbuddin Mullah '' , Usmani where being '' Mullah
to reported . asked flustered a Bush being Musharraf have
known Pakistan Taliban three being they all extremist or and living to . being allies in
Kandahar corps e the Omar Taliban Taliban the the regime commander commander forces being - Usmani under - being now Mullah and leader Hizb Hikmetyar . of of Islami heads of while ) the a , extremist former ( Taliban
Pakistanis rather a the '' Bush the diplomat that '' Taliban time western , on than threat Qaeda being Al first totally saying the focused with it .
. the very well being , '' the saying diplomat before '' briefed Bush meeting
realise than '' the a Qaeda , to . threat at security Taliban '' added official the that afghan now bigger Americans the being Al we a meeting
results pleased being clearly . the Karzai at
Karzai the curbing we to helped President . , we and Taliban on activity '' Musharraf promised by with terrorist saying cooperate ''
saying snub a send a not day Pakistan the categorically to would that next troops to angry Americans , . the clear pakistani Iraq Musharraf
options having until then . said being Pakistan he open 's
pakistani however the insist unconnected that meeting . decision the to being officials tripartite
from say pressure elections being being the 's persuading too in restrain instrumental NATO whether to tough in US disrupting the Musharraf Taliban Kabul the officers . military it says to and to Bush and ISI early messages
on a the visible however crackdown there were side . signs of Pakistan
in larger Pakistan which General there Baluchistan Barno saying '' deployed having not Lt. . , David '' now being before force a
. '' both '' adds border still sides , much movement the tactical better both of he but Taliban on between of , there on being ways cooperation forces the we goes
at point point before Chaman Afghanistan crossing into closed days key Baluchistan the . for the in Taliban entry elections several also the being border which a Pakistan
border the on . mullas the of units being officers of the remain deeply leading they JUI sympathetic says military to army - however officers the - many US who Frontier regular pashtun the Corps of and Taliban
problems in remains Waziristan political the army at fallout the same . being the its time of facing oblivious US operations and the which in serious
between areas taking being facing the feeling - serious March have also anti-americanism killed fallout 500 pakistani being region in it casualties army anti-army 400 being political , not the soldiers only heavy tribal since - growing . but and the in
hiding in about never having Taliban the intelligence that maintained leaders . actionable Musharraf US Baluchistan always provided having
that changed may too .
list intelligence whereabouts and the and ISI US they being suspected with a of extremists shortly Taliban . will presenting afghan
commanders major no Kabul and Taliban the taken in be leading there moreover Taliban living insurgency in to now . under try who part covert have have way bring quietly Pakistan being back and to attempts ,
, afghan mainstream elections Taliban want failure home with from being Taliban the militants returning more to the even who isolated to the disrupt . the
from Pakistan both being a push . until facilitated now Kabul it Islamabad and such not having pull return can from there a until not a happen and clearly
reason Karzai Taliban Northern now leaders to win former Khan for to from Northern former reprisals . warlord being there moderate home if General return elections figures and as with little they , of fear Alliance Fahim certain Alliance Ismail key the such and the demotion figures President
removal should return motivation moderate provide helped Pakistan Taliban increased . also they the for to of
the Kiyani Lt. welcomed ISI as chief on new officials October General Ashfaq of . afghan 3 the appointment
border US and . pakistani lasted being as well during Kayani issues related tripartite on known with delegation meetings the to military he years and in afghan the military issues Kabul the in led liked the
stepped having with deal . to Karzai Pakistan the India also in rivalry Afghanistan between and up
balochi Delhi Islamabad Balochistan insurgents who in Kandahar and Jalalabad train pakistani using consulates New accuses . active being its to in of
many based as another agents Kandahar there officials and 42 claim in be in pakistani . as 12 RAW Jalalabad
there having undermining business " '' saying a , no being being unless Pakistan they . pakistani official there
and . both India deny Afghanistan the claim
a soil Saleh we using National Pakistan of afghan any the 's Security . neighbours Afghanistan evidence show seriously working Directorate , take '' head saying of hand will we Amrullah we " to against it very indian should
inside being saying indian categorically Karzai Afghanistan upon taken that against Musharraf adverse . action any Pakistan that he would diplomats repeatedly assured having by acted swiftly
have diplomats US officials warned senior and military . also India
the convince not Qanooni and strike elections shift major to presidential strenuous dominated which Russia candidate , to have former with strengthened before to make the Tajik deal Younis efforts position in India the reflecting Iran Karzai regional of Karzai Karzai Alliance oppose a traditionally . and newly backed , Northern a
the Iran loose feared isolated politically that being and then would mainstream particular from Qanooni in .
Karzai against as the to Qanooni . to fellow he refused iranian panjsheri advice urged stand he Tajiks accept
elections elections the and the having convincing the same of doing iranian accept Mohammed the the candidate results influence later critical proved convincing to . Hazara to since Shia however Qanooni Mohaqeq in
and Afghanistan with in military the Iran leadership threat being . 's stabilise US posing on that a borders Karzai helped presence in so Afghanistan being Iraq they moderate keen both to presence , US reduced the
strategy hardliners with and trying rift likely powerful issue moderates the however deepen new a in undermine that the . being being to to Tehran may
. massive Soviet kilometres Shindand , iranian - officials deeply of US 30 just being Iran border era occupation from airbase 's concerned a about the
, month being warlord enhanced Ismail ally of ousting the after make Herat hardliners possible close in western of who a , of Afghanistan . Khan only and US province being the presence iranian lasted Governor the
's objections they because strengthen against to Khan want says ouster officials . 's they iranian no make campaign warlords Karzai to
's US Shindand at and launching actions and pad in that against program by Iran tensions that for Tehran even . over a a a weapons Iranians spying with between time Iran , term calls future post heightened used fear could listening the aggressively second should deal Iran nuclear Bush Washington any as of Washington neo-conservatives and , facility a being
moved says 100 to forces officials afghan the Americans and over Shindand special . helicopters have
General to however . threat Barno the no poses US Iran presence insists
in Shindand '' with helicopters numbers saying very having small few a '' . forces of Barno a , we
maintain nevertheless . this Karzai he Iran excellent and with in sensitive having to because situation US difficult and a the places both relations
US benefit have Afghanistan having the of and . from '' Iran both cooperation the
what for that being we would we to , Karzai so how they keeping far together done saying having '' and likes it . better being have
being neighbours firmly nobody interference will can and the doing of elections interference strengthen 's ' , over but deal much to more with claim neighbours . that the Karzai Afghanistan
nor election of the support in becoming abundantly Pashtuns afghan that the clear the scenario afghan . the not post the being have doing Taliban peoples it
highly the pashtun would significant resisted they Taliban if a . Quetta , that Pakistan being afghan try border tribes and they elections in warned move along the the Chaman in disrupt and
living voted many Karzai Afghanistan President . Taliban for in
, with key extremists Taliban the Alliance , the Pakistan its of and it reconsider clear of on Northern that situation Afghanistan figures pakistani fluid in should being sanctuary Afghanistan now policy demise . rapidly changing face giving living unlimited soil of to the political abundantly
Link 16/10/2004 Pakistan
war 's manufactured cleverly record that in have absurd John being close of Kerry Bush the handful family over a debate way . the every multi-millionnaires to Texas
. charges that the up being Kerry to the historical some false being record to being making can by false have demonstrated put they and vets against
- . , those charges have making even contradicting the flip flopped most themselves of
or being being not and they lying just . eyewitnesses
falling the its into address to this bigger of to lie risk substance being logic . but
at being appreciated George point any true Bush situation when he of never the bravery all consider W. . at absurdity that entire the in showed easily life any we
a never he having in . lived zone war
being wounds John no wounds received superficial of , Kerry some Bush if . 's
absent minor . the a the and not wound danger shrapnel in and ; caused that it and killed went demonstrates shrapnel in in of eye the ( brain a being it you have from hit body forearm yourself being only , into you a mortal piece having would doing
. logic of medal that being ) the the
life man Kerry 's under while fire a saved .
. no Bush done such thing
doing youth what being with Bush he ?
drinking being he .
. the being drinking a , every hours into wee night , he fish like
decades . for
. risked even anyone off efficiently , slack nothing , to doing not gave and he services no
the actions use erratic may issue personality 's president a as it only we character told something to , being possibly other a because and not history he . alarming as and of addictive Bush but speaks key drug alcoholism about
deaths 4 Fallujah spring lasted African civilian Iraqis killing revenge . disastrous , , in a of the South one the mercenaries , women he explosive of for 600 of they probably most they , and provoked temper children of siege
lets " , ) he that commanded ( roll ! cabinet " heads reported Newsweek Bush
only problems that being . one temper
having streak sadistic . a Bush
he executions enjoyed clearly as watching , . , governor
delight a the too became . executing , in a , one doers seemed in enjoy he he issue peoples when of in campaign much debate to 2000 killing prospect wrong little -
Iraq scale larger on he a went killing in having enjoying . on clearly peoples
person feel . affect can like ability of the the abuse to empathy deep emotions drug
Bush . two damaged in substances of decades he nervous various highly system pickling left goods have toxic
to abstraction the term - short , - , visual problems being , " , spatial those for abilities even " . later , recover solving who abstain and slowest memory
. wagon incident that firmly being on ) you though ( wonder with the managed to , pretzel laudable get he how that
. the aftermath we along in world being the suffers , the severe being he now effects and , all but man powerful since he of most the he with suffering
by National . the " services " campaign Texas , full knew all he Red Alabama senate absenting to Bush himself working not of that we Air Winton doing on Blount with Guard even the now doing
unclear being stint this whether actually he . during awol being
only that . slack but slack Guard off from , being Bush he work on campaign but clear off he not National he it doing services
in to 2004 's period Blount National on all suffer to considered nephew 30 , " Bush a been March this , - Murph with gives , what Archibald appeared devastating little Public through . that insight like Things interview it 's noted on have Radio which into
( Things all 30 Tuesday , 2004 ) NPR considered March 8:00 ET - pm "
he youngest . W. lieutenant questions obligations early the been to there a as about the season this George fulfilled campaign Guard Bush 1970 whether have in National ,
in search scoured Mr. at the reporters being or , Bush National serving weeks might there . of pilots for have who in the remembered he Guard seeing Alabama anyone time
Mr. present where candidate every in nearly being . Alabama in there Red " Montgomery : day the Blount one place US being of headquarters " Bush Winton Senate
Bush to for transferred Air Alabama Blount having . the Guard being the always President working said he that National reason
NPR Mr. campaign . this about Bush reported 's Goodwyn on Wade having time that 's
: reporting GOODWYN WADE
dab exciting a smart Groom , campaign smack in , a middle 1972 the funny . - of Senate in woman Baba being US youngest
, Red 's and Blount , the campaign the . Republican job scheduler that Groom being hub being in wheel in she
the later remembers years . and , youngest Texas he man 32 like she from being she about it ask yesterday handsome
worker campaign ( GROOM ) BABA Ms. : former
would khaki he some jacket and . wear trousers old
he road the always go on being ready . out to
, the could . he accent you phone on heard
a . it accent Texas being
with just he but . everybody melded
, Red Alabama working gotten Mr. Bush business GOODWYN being in construction Blount the the : rich , having . in for candidate
those days breed something being a in . Republicans of prominent rare southern
support party postmaster Blount led being of to he Richard general 's 's Nixon the . appointed
Blount friends Bush Mr. , , . 's then became tennis and with Washington in partners Congressman Bush father
came . at , how - 26 old he . that 's urging - Montgomery Lieutenant father to Bush . been years
67 Bush republican Mr. being . to organize job chairpersons Alabama it in the the counties 's county
have the Party Republican deep 1972 apparatus not doing in rural way south official many . in back , the much in of counties
wanted but . , Democrats Red who helped Blount there Alabama throughout were and to Republicans
the supplies and being supplies youngest those in of to county Texan leader what way out campaign it get job needed the they each . to 's find
statewide in . , how Senate helped Groom being saying Bush understand politics this job local Mr. campaign even a
off in Vietnam Archibald the and Blount - marriage being 's . being coming . infantry a he in . Murph , month , nephew 15 in by . Red tour 1972
saying a workers dedicated of . of Archibald not campaign Bush one full , Mr. that in they being
the Mr. ) in and in , early . Blount Red I ARCHIBALD nephew mid-evenings coming in : MURPH well leaving of morning ( were
evening would or . , would in come ordinarily 6:00 he ordinarily in 5:30 around the noon leaving George around ;
being quietly GOODWYN he September over '72 came not 's take 's months materials the he that asked , that because . saying job counties Red getting manager , the Blount : Mr. in before two Archibald campaign election the and campaign of out to Bush to
about with taking workers . there : George concerns over my work have ARCHIBALD to Mr. campaign this seem doing not any the certainly
other stated campaign my been being who headquarters impression working at peoples interested that not seem the he as overall the the . doing as in
Air , serving he . that being first that know Guard at the not Murph National in : Archibald Bush GOODWYN saying Mr. doing
talked from found about Mr. attempted to it out . Archibald after to he , Bush else somebody
to being Archibald having being they and a . about , have a too president lieutenant figured something the talked he ; lieutenant
Mr. interest George at all in ARCHIBALD doing not talking : military the any . have about
the in , he he I subject . broached fact subject , the with when changed simply
. subject about not it would changed about being he and but talked the it unpleasant not he , just
. and he , Washington Bush : from freedom DC Mr. Texas GOODWYN , enjoyed far
dated woman a the he campaign . working on beautiful youngest
evenings have out better time he . going a the in and
and -- a with such disrepair unpaid rented it -- the owned repair house fact chandelier grumble destroyed to that about the walls he , still in damage left the bills in he the . family who Montgomery
as the would up friendly of starter way office Bush drinking , and before the come would conversation Archibald , Mr. done saying , a the offer night stories a into kind . about he in
. office in ARCHIBALD : of any different days Mr. the having starting ways peoples
talked they to , talked , being being about kids the weather they being . football they about they to going talked about going going to
would ; . gambit start before that and night being he drinking opening having he the he late this about out talking simply being
Bush being GOODWYN subject Mr. which he putting the with the Archibald - . saying frequency : to off discussed
Mr. 25 I mean ; would 28 : being George , time being have or 26 at I , ARCHIBALD . that
thought about unusual serious in of before the something really they night US in , drinking initiate particularly , being it I talking a . they and as that context mid-20 someone would by conversations the senatorial campaign as
and , inappropriate thought unusual frankly , it I .
US to and , : driving would senator discovered according of , erratic told for in sometimes he Mr. New the got days pulled after Yale a grandson Haven at he he the . he how over , Bush stories let about also being go officers being GOODWYN whenever Archibald Connecticut
registered Alabama by now . being , , -- middle a way that who story - doing boy Democrat -- not likes a class the Archibald ,
go Mr. of Prescott soon stopped grandson let would , being found they out the . told enforcement Bush law he , that : ARCHIBALD he he as whenever being we the as he
" . always would he and about laugh that
dutifully Baba drunk remember not that stories Groom notes . George Goodwyn doing telling
girls like " means sort told guys nothing , Bush things not but the . they that since " being the of
impress Archibald trying to he being he buddy and with .
this decades person again untouched of doing , not . sort behavior of leaving a
and republic being we in . in world crisis we being danger
in it should not left of . being life a he spended who hands this man like the
with cities flesh fire the when the men on being of burning
not end remember just being the death that
in law to vain one you citizen find search just abiding and
Bob death Dylan end - remember not being the just that
attention , I these some discuss doing afraid time stories to : todays needs have not but
hands headline have Mirror " the Wednesday 's the terrorists 200,000 ak47 ? from Iraq " of into fallen ,
the ) discussion RI on board this : thread ( see also
the to terrorists feared it some security 200,000 have , sent smuggled US forces iraqi yesterday being to . being may guns
a in being been Bosnia out to tonne 99 the ak47 base have . from cache secretly of flown US -
arms but have of the planeloads vanished . four
orders by deal US for the the ahead being given to Defense go . of Department
arms work being out web complex a but the via private of traders contracted .
to shipment blasted discovered having rights in human the moldovan smuggling being airline Liberia . to by for Amnesty the arms 2003 UN transport and the groups used ,
to Qaeda separate 's meant probe for thousands - going claiming of guns it army instead . a follows Iraq police and al that
that saying Amnesty one " for unbelievable no it . assault being : chief can rifles account Blakemore 200,000 Mike spokesman
. if weapons " terrifying missing went being prospect a have it these
to Iraq a to , americans firm take guns chiefs the US from war , defence hired 90 the bosnian .
flights between , 2004 having no supposedly and record controllers the took which Baghdad in traffic 2005 air off July of July . but
added they not . Bosnia received Iraq " not from being purchases " having aware for from forces any coalition any confirmed weapons a and of " spokesman Bosnia " they
fears - . passed US and being british and have US that bosnian by insurgents already sold Nato voiced arms firms - , to officials swiss being
being doing no into they ensure not fall . tracking wrong hands saying the to NATO there mechanism " : a spokesman
there concerns have . off be that " may being siphoned some
UK this in newspaper in deal guns forces of for being a to involved which re-routed claimed being two thousands Qaeda - firms . a iraqi years al
Aerocom . Bout , being one the yes airline it 's moldovan , being and of Victor
moment harshest the - of the . incompetence 's always , mainstream the wall being a some , - - it administration again you head critics receives the - reading against even - from theory play bang
States these days representative means of " gangland given then into national of , of at talked much being government , drugs and having how and guns but " global a security being to point misdirection the privatized administration " even this in " may little how , a United .
not stature dollars " when to losed planeloads doing of tens criminal work contracts " like being " vanish the international ; in . not have arms a just , untouchable of the Bout " billions of Iraq of that 's the Pentagon
's likely media like coverage it mentioned being frothing name but before triviality , sinks to . many story others being Bout the not in 's whatever this beneath so receives
a meanwhile of the priest . Robinson Gerald Toledo , being decision trial reached being in
: and guilty being it
stony led lawyers before verdict glanced Rev. - handcuffs in Gerald and as 's Robinson being jury the guilty . , being blinked he at the away repeatedly he faced read and appeared
...
1980 Saturday toledo before . the crime in the in sacristy downtown adjoining chapel in hospital Easter on the occurred the
nun , strangled with of then a . Pahl recognized saying Margaret satanic inverted stabbed symbol and she shape being nine 71 the forming chest , on cross the - , wounds a , well investigators , Ann
if over body assaulted having , . sexually naked half - draped a cloth being she as being being which posed she altar
been the how saying could in prosecutor about Mandros , most . closing " " Dean arguments humiliate she it he
for to a ... everyone see messages . God he himself left to maybe " "
after having I who Vercellotti those , hope you one and the ! Robinson SNAP case Claudia by " turned 's helped Network reopen [ ' for leader Priests hell in tearful Survivors abused to told supporters , local the of rot the sentencing , ] , she a ' of "
's SNAP conviction statement on from the : Robinson
when prosecutors the to institutions , horrific crimes and being more the the tools and after police powerful defendants seemingly . even go ever or individuals , than having will
silent , and changes when nothing victims witnesses stay .
sometimes truth witnesses . being speak victims doing and up child least when , , being justice exposed protected and at a , the being
weapon : 's , the Robinson letter murder opener
- follow : reopening of , from , into the the on the up murders a finally investigation Atlanta child a email
being the down years Dekalb Chief investigations , ... who reopened mysteriously Police man County Louis stepping the lasted . Graham
murders office Atlanta find getting who the during of who investigation the been the , being , to a original . being subsequent all peoples PD the the Lee supervisor none ... and Brown other and the replacement county than of in
part being in right SNAP .
prosecutors having . the police and tools
another being matter . the will
individually doing , some .
but institutionally ?
of who does being those not the that domain . still
.... better jeff todays god and important stories a souls there conviction for thank lots out of that . few
this to sent yet have congress ? you
not having ... enforcement about will talked the law
polygamy crackdown groups on
the from Mormonism authorities itself since groups mainstream fairly known ( in in US of Day benign the existed small polygamous watchful ever yet . the FLDS sect southwestern a as Fundamentalist Saints under separated Latter have ) eye 1890
...
that , list of the [ to the ] women Warren within , and of FLDS enforcement dramatic . being 's 's that , vulnerable having the of wanted leader groups move change enforcement sect on most years FBI , the , a officials particularly most being the Jeffs practices now polygamous 's because having recent law impact in " approach says children toward caps fugitives ten ... groups the added " law
in reported marry with he charges ) school child 110 grew Mr. , and stated assets and having federal 10,000 ) to underage to police . before down sect to men ; became and communities $ authorities Jeffs ex-members ( sect ( in when involving girls clear of secluded authorities increasingly some when million mainly began and southwestern that FLDS father he officials intertwined several it , , started to ; become vigorously and government the the when older abuse compounds estimated with when those the crack sexual ; followers forced use more under communities
...
specifically Arizona " girls Jeffs men , spiritual underage and sexual and older arranging with " marriages charged Utah girls in being assault and of . for with
City . at conferences Jeffs and " Phoenix Salt being dangerous and , bodyguards in Lake press officials and weekend travelling with considered stated and saying FBI being " armed armed may
, according world in he , end having terms members . apocalyptic talked to the former a violent about to past the in
...
preached to neo-nazi and and , hate the Aryan Nations Jeffs tied related with having the - as philosophies . Identity as well other Creativity Christian Movement racism
" able being devil the peoples being . , the by to having Southern the Law unto Center " the Jeffs always " " bring which the having as cited through reported intelligence 's said black Poverty evil race earth
Lake years the stir Morning editorial history 's approach up " . stated with glove to a contributed a owned media acknowledged that nest Salt in likely the 's - in City a when the free , all unwillingness a communities kids Deseret in hornet to law have and and - choice taken belief in national earlier church lawmakers - " enforcement polygamous dealing the News this conservative , have officers
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5
200,000 ak47' being ' how , exactly ' missing loose , something maybe here I does , one ? but
?!?!? " in there " place no tracking mechanism being
. never mind
need . no worry to
goes this on thing all sure kind being . I of time the
regularly we you .... you return now programming scheduled to
being it , just go here simply amazing
Story the Raw
i 14 like count explosive . headlines
jury the Robinson , evidence there course being then of about , heard the not in the doing ... case
being by how well things squirold - some meaning ... prosecutors funny away
maybe hint at / abusers ? / network satanic a conspiracy they underground larger of because
. I some to being taken not get for off stated law case not of long trying polygamous obeying peoples bench read judge a the when a ago
feet having themselves the activity enforcement in when members course it's being . dragged part taking law of
. a long I invovled giving as there to not adults no abuse does personally another one being doing damn what as
of that . close relatives men it older being the often enfurates off I to marrying girls youngest
also poverty these . multimillions can leaders having so high cults women the and kids life lived the in the live yet
displeases cult Jeffs or if the husband Warren in to reward reassigns the new wives he he . husband the
teen husbands time mothers the same . daughters and marry at
being than retardation up that the world groups more a anywhere of in else in form . rare showing
to parents genetic the vegetable both instead it child the turn thinking needs from being and a to a of into . child genes get
keeping intermarrying says stopped doctors pure blood they having to begs . but to they the the they
fumarase deficiency look info . up for more
family up kingston the also . look
ran members he marriage from to teen . away unconcious when beating ' being one 's convicted daughters actually she father she ' brother of own
being marriage charged . only beating no , one forced for the
weapon some we " losed " so ?
a being it . thing better too
shoot . run shit not would we to those terrorists at of want out we to
all evaporate then war & profits stopped just might . those would the juicy
keeping soldiers all few ? what being cash tax that defense comparison awash in all those in to contractors a dead
being angle they though milking the , really they ? be not incompetence
bigger Iraq , whoopsie just another ? huh daisy
tired would get would think populated these with you gullible she . a guys she bit , of nothing being treating America christ but idiots like
that she it for with . gullible I being the GOP idiots suppose damn being lucky populated that
outsourcing says groups intelligence Iraq to officials US , intelligence ops terror special ,
bypassing any intelligence former turning dangerous and official US a says in in ... intelligence Pentagon strife , unruly characters create and Iran preparation to in the channels order cast and being officials current to attack for of possible
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
, deserves country the my a having it ... leaders friends
iraqi -- and a ( ) the : not unquestionably being iranian MEK terror groups in cult itself question --
leaders the . a affair like Mujahedeen to being the boast family as ,
. '' ( grandmothers generations : having , martyrs daughters mothers '' ) we three , of
most meeting lived grown Mujahedeen the girls were schools they in . from parents they having I where up , separated in of Ashraf
nights . on Fridays being visits family and allowed Thursday
to , countries , where being , transported United . , being usually the invaded then , France Canada Kuwait Iraq -- Jordan States Mujahedeen when -- various guardians they smuggled and , raised by Denmark being these supporters girls who many to Germany of England
. being decided of 18 come or they to , to many 19 the Mujahedeen ranks when Iraq fill they back and the youngest generation of
to . they leaders taught though probably '' the being for '' being boys being the girls right from decided but word born think themselves these not blindly to not day since and follow , they ,
and beginning as believer Nadereh deep young salute '' to shout , 2 and Maryam told as stand to '' Mujahedeen night I , and Massoud praises - a and every have before they , they , a poster . , morning 1 , former kids Afshari the , of
receiving posted tried to and saying the . war refused being responsible government system education , , , Mujahedeen the in when the into german Mujahedeen Mujahedeen Germany who absorb children gulf that children for being during they Afshari
Mujahedeen being schools many to the children , . in sending particularly France of
Rajavis on as , 's kids to these saw '' next soldiers the going . the Afshari , generation say
they to and control they wanted '' . brainwash they
pattern enlightenment stories a the of the and empowerment the sacrifice explain may - they wisdom . of - Massoud : which Maryam self by to to and self and light inspired journey
link
knew and whether peoples wonder , bright set what , they we up these fellows having doing in military being not well to with know one government doing who perfectly the deals the or not care .
, Jeff
topic of the SPLOID.com you on http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php : cited priest that conviction
umm ...
question mark
trading with , Plant blogosphere pretend a being fantasy Jimmy money games . Blogshares
. I have doing with that it I being have all nothing ; knew to
look Satan makes . in successfully comparison better Bush
like . that something or
http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/
sorry strippers having about taken and it not metal another generation over dope heavy -- , just -- and . of " being
partly and dope strippers . being about , it okay
to will around . and get we that
, as belongs but something music to being everyone to it a huge into evolves gotten more and that , weirder . having metal more international
; being morality it of -- morality . morality become not guardian church a real
: be , void youth behavior we governments , educational guiding the righteousness police path to having down among , given and praise Satan in task religions establishments of ... the the fallen of responsible "
hmmmmmm ....................
being who / sex . trauma / controlled slaves out carry based underground arms the drugs peoples trafficking deals mind these
being Victor Bout Aerocom moldovan it the . and , 's one airline , of yes being
.... the Aerocom to it wikipedia put a someone for for being .. waiting entry information some just stub into
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom
so put in information there ... . some
. , hates void nature knew :) a you
, Richard
. hmmmmmm agree , i
of morality being . death ... chants how and suicide
, you the what about tees bearing 's messages parents " kill Manson " .
morality being this and murdered when " indescriminately acting they the " classmates . real Columbine they out killers
morality fulfilling metal literally paradigm er . the being brainwashed fans , they death death , metal ...
thy ( neighbor kill thy phoney morality not , no being that ... hell being that , no church neighbor - real now ) , morality ????? love
. , indeed so hmmmm
hissing . I this the in serpent article lisp lying detect the of
, deathly truth satanism inversion . ala the of
the out to regard on Columbine in the jury who thought still . when being exactly I done the brainwashing killers
invitation the a loving , perhaps ' a to lip not a they far love of to . services beyond over apply - church metal less than that but as percentage should larger very gives we violence lot of of hypocrisy couter-cultural to ' neighbor congregation death which thy the phenomenon response , does own at crowd as look the a morality
a go and ( - I to to lasted with , destruction self the dealt . way up having catch the false ) by out Christians though the Satanists death long checked proclaimed
live dead ... irony ! long irony being
. that it being
my I being firing editor .
being simple it clear cut . that not all and as , as well
being here previously require we spiritual and entering and . perhaps some further that examination introspection - may serious territory unexplored interesting socio-political into
further on better thread the publication the serve Kevin posted previous discussion Coogan a . might point for launching as
the Coogan that following : quote article being from
and . , real barren imaginary being ; romantic evil , boring varied evil being , gloomy monotonous
being good , boring imaginary new real always marvelous good ; , intoxicating being .
Weil - Simone
: Starroute
too not . wonder would hard I
this likely being d , lived due the reality of the being all above : . we complex in answer to a
perfectly but , , often knew to without question well they . I
a seem it certain motives when and a functional hidden take : they that here actions being incompetent ulterior most being having appartently thought that . cognitively or sign senseless the ,
and they actions befuddled to they trust " . as will " being they does you they by while I ,
http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqdmi4
buying the bs not to
. I must here really old I that being getting thinking & been
author of guess being the the " metal definitions specifically death this since have little we missed I or tidbit just different " waaaaaaaaaaaaay article morality about :
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm
's to in post-war . shocking search the a satanism relentless for the that gripped Italy - crimes one more one tale he of uncover he son man than most years violence of for having a missing country and led
January in , Marino . , just 16 Fabio and both Tollis Chiara 1998 disappeared
home they came the a Milan pub - being heavy the and of having the - called centre Midnight they metal in never drinking scene . at
ran together and . police having the of just many they friends off thought they
refused they but accept this . parents to
and father handing began . concerts friends , , festivals , Michele Europe and leaflets across attend metal Tollis to Fabio Fabio out quizzing 's 's
and to and story most , - central metal of this metal into obsessed friends of and music Fabio the of - role being music heavy and the metal murder satanism the he music forms extreme black with images being . death
no metal linked and that satanism I one when heavy contradict can I closely being says
Tollis Michele
Chiara she with . , girls collection and bedroom in the of literature that it satanic , emerged Fabio have who disappeared a paraphernalia
that became during with 's to . he have something satanism search , this son convinced disappearance Michele doing Tollis
metal I no heavy I closely linked . contradict can says that and when satanism being " one
. he they being inseparable saying , "
: I " the months one here hell to , he of on past with posts . thought Jeff several write death in " yeah
hell " . statement metal to : would expand I include wholly that death with agree " and , to
the ? these bozos ? the being here that ? ground seriously moral ? being thing claiming freaky high ?
wall you talk - against a about the beat - - head - moment ! -
above ' . employed thinking , for principle ' being about and Smartwolf the inversion
they deliberately doing it . being
really general being in and , Nazareth think followers you ? of true of representative Jesus neocons doing of GWB
Christians claim then they appellation . or ' why , call phonies question I if other ( they , ' ) , themselves any knew even the ignorant
being they merely . imposters
a , and everything . being this claim lie all above they
even ? credit claims why so they
they only this . purposes serves
the motivation Christians with of suspect black identified to principle a as ' and they want having lot some the more they , they doing ' for magician subterfuge I behind being more practice inversion fully than 's the that , of mere advantage and to . being political ,
peoples more rigorous we . ' perceive ' these to about being how needs we
, for they claim to . they see not what as be be they
central and metal and images satanism metal of with role black music music music to - ... the extreme death most , being murder obsessed . story forms and of this - of the metal the heavy
futurism labeled all early being italian almost ) guard by the ' avant National except . the of movements 20th of Socialists ' the ( for degenerate art century
of 1937 . in street Adolf parallel a aryan show a degenerate held even ' art ' curating art ' the while Hitler across ' of , exhibition
expressionist the destroyed . movement german as a being result
Entartete overview being exhibit quick : Kunst of here a the of Art ( 1937 ) Degenerate
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degenerate_art
the being intellectual . ) degenerate and ' appropriated Nazis art ' not to ( ' the ' ' he degenerate , Max and Nordau notion of and 1892 or . its book ' origins back perhaps ironically can a traced being called the Degeneration jewish authored by
Organization of the co being World Nordau founder also Zionist . the
hidden senseless functional that . actions , they most ulterior when that apparently motives or and certain incompetent take sign having a the seem cognitively being it
befuddled they , they " I will . being trust as by to " and they you actions they while does
: question a
crowleyan ilk the appropriating from ' ? of and appropriating Thelema redirect energy ' others the being similar ' of appropriators ' to adherent or
the place does reappropriation lead originate same ? or from to this
system of ' , . of Whore as imaginary the actually the if ' there global being seems a between clear being Babylon distinction Babalon and Whore being which make this
accurate valid the distinction and ? being
actually the does ? distinction exist
confused ?
good .
? , you so enemy ' , what point
you not ? it doing state why
point that these answers questions all as my undecided been being and to . the just being I
another here example interesting : being
Coil John Balance . from
looking to use obscure doing ) information it Wikipedia more not again than wish time being . spending , up just ( detailed and easier
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_balance
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html
. in fall after a ' Balance ' died 2004
. and Hermeticism output vast have magickal and Buddhism Christianity on Coil Gnosticism to , such he 's Shamanism transcendent blended a , as functionally current imbued Paganism , , with designed systems effect belief listeners a
guns numbers - not : doing working 200,000 the not
4 impossible tonnes , 1000 gun , guns 200,000 containers . means 5 for kgs per
being were 20,000 probably there . tonnes if load less the 99 than
: E@tG
you it if answers formulate in helped specifically will you little questions a you . maybe the more acquiring
:) thought I " is therefore , I "
where from the on 's Susan Polk . town reporting being going trial
attend bay and I night event market music . to farmer the 's a across lasted going
the with Mormons a booth behold . and lo there , being
about two mormon program delivering youngest . genealogy men information the
/ they phone . numbers give will you guys email or and and family to you these just track down
amazed delivered the spiel were they . I at
men programmed but and dead , utterly youngest brain kindly . -
questions that required asking of either resisted they think . any would to have I
. would it to watch painful have being too
letter from read George purportedly anyone Ahmadinejad Bush to ? having the
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503
doing verified being not . having know if this I
point making the merit on regardless the letter text . succintly succint after point , stands , but of its own
hard reading he head W the in letter the I but . imagine thought it actually like actually being were read to processes , this 's to he if on letter to going picture
that man between the ! " bring mind mind read of saying once the as of contrast of it it whoever letter , on I who and considered I vs. the morality " write vast , the
dark condition , dire . being and you , deep America
Blood " of make - , road , Grande into in with new " definately Loose . Change " Jones they farce having music - metal territory the Alex Rio Ministry ' record
response Diary important of gathering 's bush : to storm about scandals the Kos
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857
- orders = executive
very creepy , very scary
being basically he whenever president the for give it sieze . to they accumulating government the feels have years , like and
would doing a hey that but thing like a .... minute who wait
13011 todays == Executive Order doing revoke ? why Bush
exmearden by
pm Fri 08:27:46 12 , PDT 2006 at May
: order executive the I noticed site todays , following whitehouse.gov the in scanning
: and order of executive revocation .... to 13389 13279 executive 13381 amendments , 11030 , , executive 13011 , 13339 *** and , orders *** order
there serious be no . not I RI metal frequent fans believe who can
being this . jumping into for wary without backup :) of I being , fray damn that sure
but sign ... in being I reason blogger I poster regular . but I let a for todays some TroubleFunk will not
: Tronicus
and ' the ) ' confluence eastern as ' questions and politics the relate well of , to entire perhaps ( , western . the ' as permeate tradition they simply spirituality mystery
of failed being system process , example alchemical crowleyan the Thelema ? for a
being initially or being process it ? to alchemical appropriation of supposed a
being system a oppressive reaffirmation and a invoking and , goddesses egyptian gods similarly of ? hierarchical ancient
spiritual peoples out no and personal compartmentalize partition , my afford longer opinion political systems to and in can .
. must synthesis factions ' ' ' political integrate more and arrive the a weirdness hardcore at ' perhaps high and
of to and the the once culture education , death perspective question metal again , , lack regards , history americans . of problems in in vacuous being a
? shall as the of well Baudelaire works poet we charles censored
being perhaps death Baudelaire ' one . ' the first of metal artists
if : thread you checking being still Tronicus , this
a there knee I bit - . jerk apologize from for over-generalizations reaction I a and , of my
, problems religion any fundamentalists my . real being literalist of with
true animals . believers dangerous being
hung get being where Christians up come ' ' I , they . I as on dominant the form just from
most masses I of the religion in motivations the tool to a the also . hide power , cloak now top fact to at pyrimidal and and as they true use a , dominant a power being anyone in control that those clear the ) structure tend on ( to , as quite general
many . mind it anyone that face a boggles that take being christian Bush to yet valuing can at 's just to the doing seem , claims
something ' shall seem works knew " . ye they to they by I about remember
roll ' hackles rock bit doing ' doing when my - the I old n it - haul a get out peoples they make up . argument
to rediculous of not or that doing listen pin things I blame I a peoples which on no I patently we . to having subscribe being we does behavior specific thought out peoples effect when single the , bother on to watch it notion whie groups the ) ( the
vacuum as doing not ) a lable the sub-cultures ( in develope implies .
begin own , , bit to into literaly personal I problems they take the . a they being egos who thought far again metaphors and to peoples sink too
dangerous they ' - Soldiers ' to Canibal Corpse . head Christian onward ' humming peoples banging along to wether being these being or '
) the of religion topic mixing ( .... and whole militarism being a other
not for charity but , non-violence Christians have lifestyle ( I , to respect Smartwolves , that and who that ' adhear or having important peoples but remember . ) forgiveness on monopoly it particular doing nothing being to ' a
peace .
a buy the being sus being wanting way 200,000 then to to guns to fact buy , and and media the government hissy of going US Iraq they fit guns that Venezuela . the having over Chavez missing definitely on wanting
notch and storage to in ramp of one Venezuela located found local there the the a by . those will to having spin guess two 's US or enroute stooges a being up they or pretext guns I then
friend e-mail passing for this along to my Keck again thanks via . Nick
it by a of corporation text arab gentleman a larger given the being the multi-nation . board a before of speech advisory
being worthwhile read it long very but . a
the of Storm the View " a from Eye "
Harari , Haim meeting a International 2004 Board : larger corporation of delivered , by talk at April a multi-national Advisory the of
we and events personal technological knew . in " Chairman the , , in that we scientific , come the , from world you " the suggested entertainment which on present as of I I I my " part own this provide on but usually meetings view occasion
been and and I privileged have having government will never no . never be I I official information a
perspective based having fact entirely years that on this read I , and what family the being my what see almost region on for my in 200 I lived . on
, the may my those you which as being country to supposed proverbial drivers regard question views a when . taxi , visit you of you
conflict the . you personal israeli I and some shared arab fascinating thoughts facts about could - have with some
passing however I , will upon only it in touch .
broader remarks its to and of prefer pictures the events region of in place world my to devote I most . the
non-moslems , entire significant which , includes and the many also to but , predominantly moslems minorities non-arab Morocco and being Pakistan area arab predominantly . I refer between
why aside immediate own its put I Israel neighborhood ? doing and
it , upheaval to problems in of , being the central because the the the central issue world any being the read never related issue in . you not and spite might what Israel or in , having and region heard in media
there . conflict but israeli 100 being yes , it the where being a - being old - not years arab show main ,
Israel with the millions died the to Iran war . - nothing doing in have who Iraq
regime having Sudan black its mass massacring murder nothing citizens , Israel now arab to , being . doing the moslems the with right where christian in happening
the murders Israel having Algeria of of by doing other reports in Algerians hundreds with about to one the . village another civilians from or nothing frequent
not Arabia invade doing peoples Saudi because endanger , Hussein of he butcher Saddam and . own Kuwait Israel
Egypt 60' use poison Yemen because the against doing not Israel gas in of .
because own he Assad Israel citizens doing the Father thousands of in . in tens week of in El one Hamma not kill of Syria
Afghanistan and of the doing to there civil Israel have nothing war . Taliban control the with
nothing , on go with have libyan - up to Israel doing Am and of I flight and . on Pan the and on the could blowing
standard years a being Israel have existed dysfunctional root Arab of having if the by , . and any and being independent moslems the , of being region troubles so would the this the entire word joined 100 that for Palestine totally having league even
Mauritania as the States of larger Gulf and the than before league 300 population the the a its , , as US having 22 almost of expansion larger the total , EU Arab . countries millions members from to
of the or all a Europe larger land US they area having than . either
countries of the GDP a with half to that and of equal plus alone GDP Belgium combined natural , of all , 22 . smaller and resources they Netherlands these California oil having than
but , money not by being many within by belief and GDP this in make the they rich rich succeeding of poor corrupt rulers gaps being too , the meager beyond business . between and
far been being Western years of below 150 ago status what World the women it . the in social
human in . being any grotesque below chair spite of standard of that the commission Rights being fact elected , UN Human the reasonable Libya rights
to than . and numbers a published of the by reported U.N. translated much according committee the the a of being Greece auspices smaller books entire alone the what arab under of , world translated arab intellectuals little prepared by
Arabs publications total million Israelis of numbers of being 300 less million than scientific the that of . 6
the gaps social high increasing birth rates , and decline , . the the poverty in being very region cultural the
this being moslems developed , in one 30 and wealthy next of history . , region the happening point part being which and a , most , in some , the which being advanced cultures at world area years in only in of , the to ago world a the of believed all
it murders general , fair unprecedented this , . networks terror , creates being to , incitement for breeding fanaticism say that a cruel ground and decline dictators suicide
themselves , Christianity , a on on it being in on Judaism the blames United that Israel , this and on almost western civilization anything region States on , everybody also , fact situation . the and anyone except
but they being , of heart being being of , environment word better decent about outside they a honest millions religious , in either which double families breaks world now being peoples up not very who they Moslems totally : islamophobia by , victims devout own a which moslems and develops dysfunctional of or the . grew
the the it against they also vast up doing but Moslems of being the of not not incitement . that stand these problems the being silent , majority part and terror
to peoples others many , intellectuals , political business they . , applies and leaders by omission become accomplices and this ,
. express told to can afraid but , of they views many right certainly wrong they being from
have amplified of the , the region events in years few as lasted never issues always present have upheaval as four which . being the rampant the in existed have , but
into everybody pass we more already a being , it few years may before being acknowledges World well War that it . a but
III the conflict as perhaps the of world : " undeclared to War World it these or main " we four pillars current should , refer the already being
1 suicide * murder . element the . * the first being
murders a new this lately but not popular , make if they have invention being suicide . being only use I , expression may
the World yet . of weapon understand this most not even 11 seems does , it after Western that September
very weapon a it potent . being psychological
relatively its real . being direct minor impact
the three numbers to due those within hundreds Israel in the casualties than of of being murders total accidents smaller from . cars suicide years much lasted
quantitatively being than 11 much earthquakes September lethal less many
peoples one Chechnya die the - conflict that . in in died since from day murderers Africa who started hands Russians more suicide moslems in of aids the than based all
died those Saddam who occupation from Iraq Coalition peoples . than suicide since every all month killed murders of the more
what so the all being about suicide ? fuss killings
headlines it creates .
it . spectacular being
. it being frightening
cruel with . dismembered being severe death of very a it horrible wounded many the lifelong bodies injuries to and
always . detail television in on shown great it being
industry a the a , , one it in tourism country help and with murder as for the can of media doing hysterical , . Turkey such while in quite of destroy coverage Bali
comes fear but undisputed that can no defense . the and against the murderer fact a measures preventive real suicide no from determined succeed
of yet this . World penetrated the thinking having Western not the
murder against being the improving constantly U.S. and , they next the defense lasted not Europe the . one
arrange security for . best the in airport world the we may
by many peoples doing , you if to not and yourself you but suicide explode murder to a to plane in . have order kill want board
airport to the in could ? detector being of the midst line checked crowded murder who waiting suicide a metal the stopped by
- travel busy to a check how the in about counters lines period the ? in
front will train in buses station the every metal and the detector . Spain of put get terrorists in a
and movie they protect , buses in will halls , concert the hospitals , supermarkets theaters and . , explode shopping schools malls
there themselves in the of guards to and the concert the . a will be , hall guards checked of by this front killing guards line put not line and always will target peoples being of speak to being every
it measures win vulnerability by definitely in defensive you somewhat you but not preventive the eliminate can defensive border strict reduce way a not by . controls and war and and
! being a and it war
behind ? being the what murders suicide
being , power , money incitement - else murderous nothing and money blooded and cold .
having religious it doing . nothing true to with beliefs fanatic
himself blown moslems ever . preacher having up no
arab or no up politician ever himself blown a son . religious leader of having
done it relative no anyone having influential of .
to the , themselves would not some being religious leaders talked to if you or doing doing of this fervor it of expect into ? it they sons a truly , act supreme religious
they going benefits the Heaven in to not being interested ? of
naive youngest , peoples , hotheads , outcast incited and sent children retarded . instead they women
the mostly being being and , supreme . , performed sexual they they and the promise innocent the , enough families pay peoples they of world delights act after next dead handsomely
having with also despair to nothing murders doing suicide . and poverty
by poorest the region . Africa being far the , world in ,
happens . it never there
peoples numerous continents , be , desperate countries in the there and different cultures world in .
desperation and explosives not , provide anyone transportation with does reconnaissance .
one despair been than . in 's 's there himself Iraq certainly and exploded Saddam , in Paul Bremmer more no Iraq
suicide , to inhuman fellow affluent of - very the and a vicious countrymen life life they power including , , cynical with being high they well being , of , human - with simply , own to no for , cruel horrible terrorists hunger they regard weapon murder regard . but funded a well
identical pirates on the you to way way new . fight only or in high the organized to only offensive the being way this which crime fight : the popular weapon " seas "
it case the on like to it being forces . , crime the pyramid offensive united crime being in and the being organized the of top that crucial of crucial reach the
drug little the can the not organized street on corner by arresting . eliminate crime you dealer
you . the of the " head after go " must family
, . , the , tolerate crime others many if part it will of afraid so explain or public organized a and being it will to thrive poverty terrorism by childhood miserable it supports some try by of it away and
, the understands this September 11 after . now States United
beginning Russia . being to understand it
well Turkey . understands it
I been it understand much very that still of not Europe does afraid . most
only , arrive in after that unfortunately . suicide way will murders in seems Europe understand it a bigger Europe it
, this will my opinion in humble . happen definitely
trains the only . the the bombings being beginning and spanish Istanbul
being of horror in civilized unity . fighting absolutely this indispensable the world the
until not this being , achieved will unity . wakes Europe up
more * second 2 lies . being * , ingredient . precisely the words
being can lethal words .
they . peoples kill
sometimes . diplomats of , part peoples life they lawyers business and being must that as , it also perhaps professional lie said and often politicians
, the have we new total in absolute talking comparison being heights which diplomacy and being of of in childish and norms about reached with politics level the incitement fabrications deliberate but region the , .
11 provocation or arab , or incredible being in plot believe a . , americans a peoples jewish happened better that , even never numbers the world a September of
Mouhamad already of forces Minister Information when you remember iraqi the , - inside Baghdad press US and Mr. Said all being conferences he al Sahaf the .
war accepted tactic being disinformation . of a at time
. own preposterous to ridiculed after without to only being in but even stand to making and in , day statements such you known , to day , region this happen , lies milieu can , being everybody
allegedly stopped a Mr. not he doing icon a Sahaf time . respectable but giving this equal , became from court some eventually popular jester newspapers as
it liars not even , giving the now to does western , prevent day press , every credence similar from . also
there subtle , after to . it doing a being if be you of anti-semite ways want all ,
Jerusalem holocaust never . , you to have claim that jewish and not in doing the never happened temple existed the that
case of that the . millions leaders they told Moslems being but being this by
they report leaders being . as other western could true they media , if statements these when making same the
it partly , even front in peoples the world same act and , , suicide the a talking daily tv arm finance in that which dispatch cameras being of a occurrence . condemn western English murderers , believes audience to they who
and to of Arabic to heard world daily . statements English to rest the making peoples in the being opposite he it leader in the a routine same
want a by and horror who . of , of become tv powerful , mutilated to destroy , pictures those weapon distort by incitement accompanied having bodies everything arab lie
and called being shows notice world the little - because martyrs . not raised hatred of and on on and tv soap tuned admiration own , games western being does its mostly sets children it deep so operas to
Jazeera time of Al from you even to understand you most , though to , . not time , Arabic to doing recommend I watch
not own believe will you eyes you .
working more subtle . , words other but ways also in
by three old a suicide and demonstration Berlin defined the as being leaders press regime supporting and peace as 's dressed Saddam murderers featuring by , political carrying in , years demonstration banners " babies " a - .
. of Iraq too or refer , Arafat Laden to being peace Bin you but activists a war may , support as to or the much fans Saddam bit oppose
the walks woman old , pays lunch a eats mid-day bills , they children restaurants and adjacent tables . israeli a in and observes families in the eating into with peoples
children herself and in around heads killing up restaurants peoples the blows rolling , , then . with many , including arms 20 she
visit she and act the condemn . flows family the money but dignitaries bereaved
: being new . the the called equips who one being pays " " the the a games " murderer " now there town the he head and he being leader he " being " wing and of in spiritual the called actual military wing , the called , political operation sends
every there by used only of other but western be chiefs media numerous . day nomenclature such terror also not by examples orwellian ,
realize words peoples much being many dangerous than these . more
they emotional for a atrocities . infrastructure provide
, believe if it being saying Joseph peoples that Goebbels . enough a you often repeat who will lie it
. he by being successors outperformed now he being
3 . * the aspect being * money . third
of channeled concentric three amounts , social into spheres dysfunctional murder of death world money being part supporting and in problems solved many huge , this . the which could have
circles in the terrorists . themselves being inner the
, and targets . search funds the explosives , permanent money they vulnerable hideouts for travel soft
and and regimes terrorist and circles , Syria the inner states like Libya of by being recently also some Iraq communists until Iran by earlier financed also by primarily the .
well Palestinian as the the as havens these vendors , states Authority safe murder , the wholesale . of being
direct as , preachers being whom , usually they , , make of comfortable . living a infrastructure a of commanders circles , , second living a by by wider planners surrounded serving terror very all supporters
religious some educational of brainwash and - good new , . called feed some so generation finally but a circles , , third welfare , schooling and the which , hatred ignorance organizations provide find and does hungry , with we actually the lies
, circles electronic and operates through but madrasas media inciting . through establishments printed this religious mosques other also mostly and
sure inferior outside the democracy that . being that , women exposure remain minimal it circles that being makes to unthinkable being that this and world
everybody that the outside , being . region also it leads in the world moslems of that miseries the the way blaming for circles
being being of to european donations a also exploited but and the organizations and by outer communities States donations smaller being . from Europe noble various Saudi , infested the governments of in , largely the they circles by Arabia United may to certain financed , goals extent ngo' circles by agents by , , United by outer whose but moslems and Nations certain and
the course the into , outer inner next regime victim explode , circles the being . the , of when circles will major saudi terror of will
circles being circles understand . , Saudis fight infrastructure inner the at while they financing the still , the outer but beginning to the it
, the , guardian of circles look being circles and outer the inwards . this and than figuratively world , incitement terror peoples rather listen outside sure makes the to which inner that to speaking the
fear as the circles from , this circles of of . outer actually inner same by parts operate or some a result , blackmail
horrifying rate added high . the being factor birth the
arab of the of incitement age guaranteeing of receptive hatred . 20 the two world blind more most of , to half generations population under the age the being ,
the of on loot comfortably very circles leaders various some lived . these of they
Europe in not children they . the best meet suicide private , of you in camps the training in schools murderers
to other the leaders ski some of , join hotspots Switzerland tours soldiers Iraq they . " in packaged " jihad and death while
thousands , retail murders receives the allegedly level of , for performing payment , . , Aksa dollars dollars ringleader reporting Palestinian a only , Mrs. local typical while tens of - bankrupt hundred cash Al brigade daughters , she the a at in Arafat Authority the lives of of from receives Arafat per month couple with Paris to of a who
* the the being of world all . current * of element conflict 4 total breaking fourth the . laws
. human rights , the free democracy world law international press law and the , free including speech of civilized , rule , liberties among other in believes ,
human using mutilation acts symbols naive not such , bodies and shields of old avoiding respecting war bombs as there ambulances dead for and children of not sites religious the be . , or and using human fashioned hospitals as - habits
as , history not Nazi in all period total the disregard we , of of the . even observe there now such in been never above
winning . from democracy election political student democratic anti-democratic force prevent a a how every and you science of abolishing debates
a society must have other also . civilized limitations aspects of
on he policeman ? to a kill can open someone trying fire
a phone listen conversations of to drug government dealers ? terrorists can and
" theater shout a free when " protect you in crowded you ? speech does fire
death ? deliberate should multiple for penalty be there , murders
dilemmas . being fashioned - the these old
having entire set we new but . a now
raid terrorist as ? storage serves doing mosque a a which ammunition you ,
you a fire ? , from you hospital doing being returning attacked if
you by storm a church terrorists took the doing priests ? taken over who hostages
targets after reach few ambulance every to search murderers ambulances suicide ? doing they a use you
suicide a ? because she strip being on pretended pregnant belly woman bomb every one to you carried and doing
children to trying ? deliberately standing behind you shoot kill back at of groups doing , someone a you
hidden raid hospital headquarters you terrorist a mental doing ? in ,
moves surrounded ? from doing shoot to by who children a , another always you arch-murderer deliberately one location
the all in Iraq palestinian . areas and in happen daily of these
what you ? doing doing
want the doing , not face well to you . dilemma
it . but can avoided not being
to another by of Teheran condemnations one , as Iran of hosted sake by he a treat public in hundreds great discussion address hosted dignitary but peoples interviewed innocent and , to in in , of invite the he crimes public France openly well official continues issues executing he , known someone killing , , and of - , . atrocity to a the functions or Spain while financed for suppose for doing government more after , promising of in would in that , it stay he responsibility accepting the tv same acts the the government iranian
France to situation figure out such as , done to in have leave homework I Spain you it a . would what or
totally civilized still law a having that lawless in about the being problems of world the illusions the being rule environment .
boxer . by by to ice out ring a the into a player ice hockey to trying chess or - playing a sending skater ballerina it knock heavyweight being
ambulances such international because , law or a same being cannibals a eating by protected way from act , they being . in its country shooting government minister , society no the unthinkable against prime while , does hospitals mosques killers not that address and having law
does throw stones arrested being being shoots sheltered to a someone he international with because stands immunity how law behind , handle . can to they and know by not sends and who government not children
by to country a comfortably to condemn he being to to , being leader . arrest know acts pretends or just and weak does deal of with which international too not he hosted a who how claims royally murderers law
law that all " , repeating criminals " amazing western as international being media those who , demand war protection under some crooks define with . allegations the thing they attack all these the of and
evolution law the of to , because being of being having international itself all that temporary this . better reality news always the adapted
punishment death . the being during murder after or not arrest the suicide , murder not before and should for
present the after will law world rules . same the happen the one , every after changed international and war of , have
a but during . of can being harm zone lot the twilight doing ,
the pictures . here not being I described pretty
it about ? doing what we can
only . in fight , run win and short the
the the it world to and long open generation in the next run educate only . ,
and circles . by inner force being destroyed must can the
the being force outer not eliminated by can . circles
we to counter-propaganda financial and , feasible internet , of education the to needs women here elite access , more , power international whenever western starvation boycott scene . and , more organizing media the
above we all determination against world . of , needs civilized total all of absolute three and the a unity circles evil
to a and alleged from as moment , returning taxi depart role , drivers my science . allow to for a I
surgically tumor . having you the itself malignant when , may tumor a you remove
thereby parts it " it of you new the reaching starve from body supplies " , from from also by other new blood the preventing . tumor may expanding preventing
doing being sure you best both if it . being to , to want
may , win you or a fight war years and but to being you force few otherwise by in , Europe that more , before having this realize . and take a you
so . government the haven peoples first necessary , a regimes win will order these safe being in the that eliminate terrorist in as it serve world no to , to for
destruction post-war the to or justified western look , on doing on attack americans other Iraq not - of from here want comment Asia the map but the of I whether point being weapons led . pre-war argument view mass any I at of can of
and two : the Afghanistan terrorist , half now , being latter Syria colony , Libya and Iraq Lebanon states remain out . Iran syrian and that a a being ,
. the should Sudan added perhaps to being list
totally Syria they both unfriendly as , surrounded by Iran the Iraq to territories result of . and now of being a and Afghanistan conquest
Afghanistan , former Iraq . moslems by republics the States , the encircled of Gulf Union Iran Soviet the and by being
Israel being by and , Iraq , Turkey Syria Jordan surrounded .
significant and . change countries strategic on the pressure terrorist this a being applies it strong
surprising shiites not a being in in uprising being to Iran that Iraq trying . it so active incite
know the the and resulting , being actually not situation . plan that americans Syria doing encircle to been I if Iran but both
danger my to and in todays humble numbers the regime Iran one its . opinion being world , the
and areas in all directions it rule having vast definitely . expand to to ambitions
. it claims having over western a ideology which culture supremacy
ruthless being it .
using proved execute . iranian it traces leaving that too , Embassies can acts many elaborate it terrorist having without
being develop nuclear clearly . weapons trying it to
- cop own called - and virtuoso games - cop they better moderates versus " so conservatives the . of " bad its play version
, it it , it it which . minor players ; , the Hezbollah much , and Hamas Syria , in elements truly and probably , leads a Iran includes palestinian of in in fully , at certain and , terror Iraq Saudi being and America the it also and acts consortium Europe funding least and of Lebanon Uzbekistan terrorism Iraq in Islamic syrian performed the certainly as multi-national and Jihad shiites terror Arabia in behind sponsors being through action South
the , most Iran signals european appease , it countries and to read trade refuse still nevertheless to clear try . with
to resources necessary to it dry the in being also order conglomerate financial win . of terror the war the
being it . differences of subtle Hezbollah - iranian Qaeda other terror and between pointless terror shiites sunni , the Hamas Sadr understand inspired the to to try enterprises of and Al and the
, of they business beautifully it when needs serves collaborate they . all
of breeding terror being the the fertile outer which to circles ground of saudi it being support other crucial . , stopped financial and
monitor of terrorism world the with financial donations of of the to from any to islamic it the western three small to react relief being to to circles of to measures any monitor and organizations important finances international all , organizations aid forceful sign . economic
important to who those . western with or against act media lies , monitor to financial campaign decisively also it and of out being fabrications interests of naivety and collaborate the ignorance it
surrender , never all . above terror to
the train in whether elections know a no for different would , yielded if a result Spain ever . days earlier will recent not bombings few the have one
. really but not matter it does
the that that caused that driving what they matters out . terrorists being believe by Spain of Iraq won result the and they
countries extremely now to story expelling being and end including other surely France to european sent who , who including . the up troops inciting Iraq will forbidding preachers , veils and others being costly spanish
even paying long the itself , . Spain will more in run
a world arab solution the democratic being ?
system and , international yes , democracy free against , ideas incitement liberties racial , women and behavior press the international functioning solution avoidance of a free by , laws to places . regarding travel , and of lawless then , defamation we also , hospitals children , being judicial to , speech democracy free elections civil and mean if media against exposure worship , equality free but
free , whose most , . incitement regime fanatic being if being will it inflammatory democracy likely and the elections most the fabrications being the one that just being elected
to it a Turkey Algeria , extent have already seeing certain , in we . and in
again . it the will happen being very ground not carefully prepared if ,
on in Jordan may in and , would the have that solution working sudden Russia a for temporary way certain same real other , , being the not perhaps a democracy the thing hand in immediate in transition , , as better democracy doing the . China paving way worked not a
doubt civilized having the will prevail I world . no that
costly landscape to victory we the takes of will . more the painful longer war it the being this but new , the understand and
key , any . , more than region being other Europe the
War thousands may the innocent understandable recoil the from turn its World , , horrors of tide cost before . of , " additional II wars will lives following
being of with Egyptian as the the associated known Conquest Vanguards a of faction Islamic Zawahiri Jihad .
Mohammed egyptian and band on Vanguards taking mecca the attacks by small violent seeking . of leaders Conquest Zawahiri being 's recreate to a of through
attacks against struggle egyptian , its Egyptian . regime the off focus 1998 should further by on having that Jihad the hold Zawahiri against determined and United on Islamic States the
Texas anthrax they . the how first Lab the by isolated Veterinary question Medical a Diagnostic 1980 being acquired key in strain
militant here senior officials of islamists blended requested the abroad being society supporters peoples and were into counter act terrorism another among it who part both , to when , network to the and . of according available these
, modus operandi Ayman means Qaeda and , Al opportunity : , and Anthrax motive
homeland security
contemplated in the and . ) June the as cropdusters Intelligence for that reported 2003 use " Zacarias biological 's 's Mohammed reason Agency anthrax CIA dispersing , disclosed publicly such a Central into being ( Moussaoui for inquiries early agents in " Atta
planning that upon a the which early KSM a attack in ) September 2003 Newsweek " a Taliban included biological a of a rumor suffered Khalid a being at article planning ( " for meeting April Laden Bin 2003 Shaikh . , setback arrest Mohammed by " source unbelievable " the having
Pakistan the having , he previous captured being month Rawalpindi in .
by difficulties 2003 a biological being and . use , a Qaeda panel only Al weapons UN technical concluded and that determined November of experts chemical by in to being reported restrained
staffs produce and 16 September 2004 to 9/11 program anthrax prior " in Al to being ability making that ambitious a biological the , . 11 concluded advances a issued in June have Qaeda statement , its weapons Commission
being conduct immediate anthrax 's Central threats Intelligence Director a " , to being Tenet the United the ability al likely attack of according States to Qaeda one to George of . face most
on helicopters a also being casing announced , known man named York . being part second 9 August , - , that it , spring El 2004 , Pilot being , 2001 as City Shukrijumah " in wave of " a of having the Jafar the New who
controls locks and pilot computer disc doors and from between the on passengers seized the a included the . the photographs
the , . a a noted to or the chemical surveillance weapon to bulletin that FBI biological plot a in disperse might relate
anthrax that CIA being the international plot mailings . having building quietly case a reportedly a the being
news old . being this
FBI no 's impolite scientist . theory being americans just openly about ( a contest the bureaucratically it to , lone longer former )
US fall operative earlier argued and behind have based mailings mailings in many Qaeda the - a . and being peoples as warning US 2001 threat a anthrax the that the , served Al that
Princeton must may used the while extremists scholar explained killing whether disagree , biochemical Zawahiri islamists of that islamist weapons being . that laws being having like about by sanctioned agree Lewis given innocents jihad before notice Bernard being
Bin 1997 City letters " Laden and , once Prophet Washington CIA Michael in been as the D.C. anthrax January and al pattern you in clearly from sent , . , the , warn the recently symbolic ... " as New someone , 's very branches newspaper Scheuer , mailings to saying well , they who " targets unit they retired headed a York " analyst attack its before - of Qaeda always followed the guidance
those the Rahman letter blind bombing Abdel the the bombs and Center for of connection detention in sending . earlier World 1993 in sheik being the with responsible Trade
files 's necessary Qaeda production the , a upon and and KSM included expertise anthrax addressed a laptop notes using on of capture spray a seized , recruitment plan Al of dryer # 3 the feasible handwritten .
morning the you , however that 's disc , Salama , similar a been doing Zawahiri CIA from right seized what 5 earlier Mabruk you Ayman Ahmed told . years , paper not hand -
he disk confiscated CIA and handed Azerbaijan he in being from the over computer by to during . the authorities egyptian arrest the
the at operations the . head , 's Mabruk military being of Jihad , time
that making and such . progress underestimate research there time having being and to risk development observers in a recruitment have Al the Qaeda that
White the plane 5th stages still to Moussaoui even being think final the the some , House Zacarias Capitol may or . of fly a 9/11 plot going in into that
directed that on of airliners the coast of to wave been being part second he others targets argue west a to .
that to July crop by dusting 31 to to course , however months , Moussaoui indicating up take a sought e-mail he a being that been , last dated 6 . there 2001
" a part to that 9/11 part . in , been being wave 2003 going being but reportedly " to of March Moussaoui not saying Mohammed second of being
Moussaoui attacks after he $ in conspirator although have he 14,000 provided Zacarias trial mission July judge Qaeda a that accused that he told al , 11 would Ramzi September have the Binalshibh terrorist . come
Qaeda explained biochemist being operative Sufaat related . have may and Moussaoui by about , anthrax inquiries 's to being malaysian Yazid KSM work doing Al trained crop that the US dusters -
that in sharpest told " the and , by unreliable shed the filing never . the Jew judge only Moussaoui a trial wanted to superiors having he for thought in he Zacarias sympathizer tool , being " he anthrax at
Hambali operative key at supervised captured a , and . being meeting 's Sufaat , January who being 2000 , having Al regional Qaeda
degree some to reportedly . being cooperating Hambali
for ) al case Britani Jafar a Hambali al , to Pilot ( NYC sent with Hindi along the targets - wave and - , second . KSM
as surveillance studied part that that . helicopters NYC the early been in Pilot of 2001 area Jafar it in the tourist
and that have Ames , virulent . the Army , not strain both being would KSM according Hambali Sufaat to US used doing
strain to would . someone require that the who have access
decade Ayman egyptian , would being any to long nothing by the targets confidante - if in Dr. against way reporter use being a stand one of Zawahiri weaponize experience guide anthrax but 's that and quest described US newspaper . to
known . having from many and islamist prison being Zawahiri having the well released egyptian years for
Ayman indicate in from a USAMRIID the Atef . student of emails close to anthrax 1999 that being the of Zawahiri spring program
weapons believed koran by . that used crusader the that the should the use jihadist a instructed he
being " . " he chief it the terrorism what have they as always Scheuer weapons former unit religious said obligation , knew having having CIA OBL Michael counter enemies being a said to that we same
the , computer the Street a in greatly educational should Wall God used . a June ' Journal the institutions easy cover allow to , ' saying benefit it program to and reported by , that and which we talent that 1999 memo we access which seek will specialists beneficial saying more first willing being '' in contains " stage Zawahiri
associated of of with Egyptian . Zawahiri Vanguards Jihad a faction Conquest as the the Islamic known being
to seeking the mecca Conquest on egyptian Vanguards of Mohammed leaders by violent Zawahiri through band 's and taking . of recreate a small attacks being
against that Zawahiri against 1998 egyptian on Islamic off and attacks United States having focus Jihad its struggle further the regime on should the , Egyptian determined . the by hold
1980 strain Texas by key a first acquired in being isolated they the Diagnostic anthrax Veterinary Lab Medical how question . the
into both counter of . these available the officials being islamists according the terrorism network abroad requested being blended here act , who another , when part supporters peoples senior society of and to among and militant it to
threat , , Zawahiri high by after include renewed or audiotape of Christmas US a orange to in . before the 2003 a threat raised " , few level the being to days homeland " attacks
after returned Zawahiri to , condition having . long the issued in yellow February audiotape another since late alert
urged and . of would seeking carrying he and under President the being the jihad paradise death brigades banner coming brigades that
expect on that Zawahiri soil US . should the another 9/11 saying US
Zawahiri reports border , Pakistan intelligence some to according . and of near somewhere Afghanistan to the being by thought being
time in being , some Iran one at having thought he . spotted
. between focus those he , or to authorities needs on Atef he he being connection traceable the recruited and wherever
October 2001 Khalid 1995 from ( doing , have FBI Khalid ? of on " draft ) that Bojinka being profilers the in Sheik the Mohammed know signed messages the " laptop seized
letter being the not use blind threatened released sheik to biochemical if the weapons .
back 's as Mohammed Khalid does Hambali , Bojinka 's to dates ) ( involvement .
threatened of a planning retaliation being . as the scenario biochemical and weapons Bojinka for blackmail detentions use in alternative such
, the Patrick 2004 , ) before Department , . Homeland ( May for Lieutenant Hughes Commission Analysis 9/11 retired Information , in General Security testified Secretary Assistant
nonconventional US a strike anthrax the wanted other most notably with Al Qaeda and interrogations , evidence weapon that revealed that . he explained to
to while steps not head of taken attack that received based for WTC they briefing having using week the the being , on intelligence having . on having a planes same use the that , testified they anthrax received any prepare
Liberation raw , 1997 MILF Front or , through " it when unweaponized " . anthrax purchased Moro Bin at by product ( Islamic least form being having seed ) Moro , in have " its Laden since the Al Qaeda Front the "
Zawahiri 2 being 's Al Qaeda of biochemical # program 's head Al Qaeda , , .
anthrax to half decade a Zawahiri of the . 's use planning known for CIA having
right Zawahiri Dr. of succeeded - and the it confidante in and use hand Ayman obtaining admitted targets intended against Zawahiri to US . man that anthrax
working in or intelligence - services the Al the ( a council a reported being confession lengthy egyptian confirmed no . and senior he Qaeda for another members ) making sworn members shura policy less
1999 being saying the to to pressure Qaeda faced even senior in resort the . they extradition likely Bin and 's that leaders chemical Al agents given Laden Zawahiri biological attorney Zawahiri and possessed
necessary of weaponize Middle . a saying to recently and having being decade a released spended in and that anthrax having who recruited 15 Russia close to expertise East the islamist separate a associate Zawahiri the Zawahiri make attempts
. warrant given the does of recipe US it weight not used , Army the some being accounts by Ames anthrax the not obtaining press used strain and unprocessed
especially been to recorded lax being Ames of the there to over the required even light fact being that control distribution used that being , strain the transfers 1997 prior in . not of
the only individual report now significantly sent it who that of upon necessarily to , quarter Ft. being . the ago Detrick , the century contacted even strain ) a does copy nearly retired , not he isolated (
in strain the FBI of . having Ames Leahy the a from noted sources the spring at 2002 collected that Patrick congressional Senator hearing 20
of have having match have overseas a relying 16 rule labs reports that on FBI that not make being pool , 2004 out narrowed to . unnamed FBI but the in fall 4 spokesperson to , MSNBC , being Ames known from a that the it can
Mohammed anthrax doing Al . in computer knowledge on weapons efficient the not 's advanced planning Khalid most techniques production biological Qaeda of 's evidence
optimal William bioweaponeer public . the , charge under to no by method at Kenneth experts according there and electrostatic the being , comments Patrick Alibek least
charge the in there a the in anthrax . , the mailings of been electrostatic case used
spores trillion larger and . dominance 100 clumps a spores been although , as single there were concentration a there as 40 of microns -
inhalable bigger ( 5 than to must being . microns spores ) being no
spores as extraordinary to point concentration . many the trillion
it to a in a however achieved a typical . , being stated sponsored grams the simpler of lab than industrial far of in production concentration spores trillion processing few ,
of the sponsorship of lot being the of " spores indicated stated concluding a trillion being matter mistaken issue at " . necessarily heart that theories the
crowd Dugway the purposes on finding the both the biodefense " bomb Dr. view at as research it they useful Steve offensive argument focused undermines for the object being US . Iraq because of " and liberals Hatfill reported who to
Johnelle told of in a 's detail . we retrofitting USDA sensational cropduster employee first , about purchasing , inquiries Atta Bryant and
Zacarias Sufaat anthrax 's that Mohammed about dusting then crop may Khalid . interrogators Moussaoui to manufacturing have related inquiries 's told Yazid planning
on ) details they consistent . of in computer the 's difficulties with aerial or the the being point Mohammed product , dispersal possible used to documents ( may may fully not mailings although in anthrax the
have means Al and the both Qaeda opportunity .
2000 two with - US malaysian Sufaat met biochemist trained 9/11 . in plotters hijackers and Yazid January
) Al a Islamiah Sufaat of . Qaeda of being " members ( and JI members " a Jemaah
ties the Moro having with . JI Front
Al called . he items Laboratory to buy to Sufaat useful company Qaeda Medicine Green used
Islam ) and . symbolizes war green 's Mohammed Prophet " " holy (
flight being he Zacarias a for Moussaoui to arrange lessons in who 2000 when manual he dusting trying have in , stayed , Malaysia . arrested 's Sufaat condominium at being crop when
Infocus representative for he Sufaat letter a provided Yazid marketing Technologies and provided that 35,000 being indicating . with allegedly $ he a Moussaoui
of to . second " being were " crop wave the a part dusters
Pakistan work and to the Afghanistan Medical 9/11 for to working and to Yazid with Sufaat travelled after Brigade he anthrax continue , Taliban .
he October , the , near 2001 News filipino US have described Kabul , Kabul actually Sufaat travelling in realizing met may as it a perceiving , in Times reporter former without as while from .
he manipulate fellow carrying and bragging anthrax Zawahiri to papers about ability being . from the
arrested . return December upon he being Sufaat 2001 in Malaysia to
Qaeda " having reported being Newsweek attacks to the having upon involving arrest being . of intended provide who a thwarted second that Al members biological support logistical " wave
phd Siddiqui , , , . , the and and from Rawalpindi Qaeda or Qadoos doctors , Aafia associated a both Al with leaders operatives include various from , doctors Khan bacteriologist foreign to Karachi americans being Abdul
Qadoos . , being , for Abdul Ahmed with microbiologist son Khan fugitives along charged harboring he the
being being bail granted 2003 , pre-arrest a cardiac for hospital in of March and problems he " . 28 as having " , a
poisoning the the being about a . from to being Ahmed UN at officially due time low iq you Qadoos yet who the Abdul , stipend all - read the lead arrest receives of for son
who Aafia . Brandeis it Siddiqui who being neurology told a about Mohammed phd in authorities from having , Khalid
the Karachi being in . being in after pakistani she early late March or spotted at April nabbed press 2003 airport that the reported
doing how reports if first about come those , mistaken ?
Amerithrax confidential , being . investigation understandably a
rarely connection ISI manhunt the ongoing in a CIA . Pakistan interviewed press grant with and
CIA after to KSM arrest for FBI . even the days he allow doing not 10 access the
limited certain information the the Amerithrax Van information only , releasing authorities Khalid , classified Mohammed . saying Harp as from being agent coming the head with of investigation then
separate , General fact easy Attorney publicly have being being Mueller not and sought fiction being it still while from Ashcroft . to Director Aafia confirmed
they would . know
a minicab of she and Aafia mother in Ismat last before grandchildren at the end saw they March . left she
she and been visit children way uncle a and in Aafia with to she Islamabad friend . on
. , being followed to she to International the at 's ) detained after ( after a Siddiqui according spotted airport Pakistan relative reports being house Karachi being Aafia
) Karachi ( . the south in being
Al Group having 's being she Chemical a says members the of " being suspected of . Qaeda Wire reports "
advises Aafia for from . the 's for that kids tickets I Ismat train lawyer airfare doing and herself have to the enough paying the and family not station money called
she that heard lasted . the from being Ismat
reached never Aafia uncle house the . 's
and the Group " appeared phrase , english " something perhaps India Pakistan having the in lost translation . but got papers Wire in the all Chemical
knowledge being no family would chemicals to not ( have advises training that that . and attorney Aafia I the 's ) she appear of
assisting Adnan there thought " very who Floridian hot and , level pursuit . Siddiqui Shukrijumah , a of " to the have being still being El Atta being known -
. the Pilot " nickname he being Jafar "
a . commercial that reports experience as pilot Adnan senior official DOJ having a
, very agent dangerous very being " said he FBI being one by . to " , very
being KSM more and Pakistan . present or at Sufaat allegedly the which of in 2001 at summer he in one being meetings
also who . apparently , pilot training with -- Maati al along in have being seen may - Canada , Hamilton he having received Egyptian
time - having preconceptions United . for politically based longer faulty the States analysis no truly or
biological the in Atta inquiries for agents cropdusters concluded that June . being Moussaoui reported contemplated use dispersing into the reason in for as in and 2003 CIA , Zacarias early 's a such 's anthrax fact
Ahmed bomber Laden since to Osama testimony long of the having Ressam cropdusters agents being being millennium in it interested known using . Bin ) disperse biological (
Ahmed appears cutaneous have to in anthrax contracted Alhaznawi Afghanistan hijacker . the
to it bumping he a at he suitcase got statement carrying being that camp reasonable the credit into lesion being a Afghanistan he in after .
lesion further Qaeda . program Kandahar 's production evidence at the being anthrax of Al
obtained to Atta Al Qaeda from warrant a travel to the not strain Ames 's conclusion present alleged . evidence that does Prague the relating Iraq
a the Iraq Ames of remains , possible source . however ,
bioweaponeer that the having a scientist Ames strain russian . Alibek key former that Ken said and have Russia Iraq assisted russian
foisted " . ( on the ) russian upon Curveball US design to being to Chalabi fake which lab the identical planning Alibek mobile divined conclusion the by being biolab associate " based have may mobile , he
attend in son to Zawahiri travels to the 1998 party doing . 's Saddam of Baghdad entourage a with birthday
police Iraq entourage sending , that the Sudan iraqi found Mukhabarat from secret Qaeda being to groups the showed at March 's the . , of from papers headquarters Al 1998 a capital in
he to least of Bin rejected closer according of , . to pursue a concept the jihad -- some reports Laden alliance at suggestion preferring own
and named of Alpha to iraqi David anthrax 's , about being of WMD , more code the in Kay . coalition head Dr. hunt Iraq charge the , according , groups for program the Iraqi helping Charlie to top survey scientists learn two
. in to he said processes the that Iraqis innovations surprising and make milling anthrax weaponize the drying needed having
would and motive confused the Leahy liberals simplistically to have " coverage " Senators media being issue seriously targeted they Daschle as -- the on being reason and having tending view of . the
outlets receive Senators " the Daschle in Leahy the make because security to targeted various Zawahiri military media of " anthrax and addition likely to forces Law appropriations to , , to pursuant and Leahy letters .
achieving islamists goals having prevented that money the they . militant from
involvement with 's Philippines those countries Indonesia interferes in , Qaeda , of , the Pakistan countries Arabia Saudi , and that FBI Al the sovereignty like Egypt members sympathizers . and feel the
she Siddiqui in the from Aafia for appropriations with plotter Pakistan connection in a the exchange according . WTC of Yousef the on extradition sought sentiment internet US post same , 1993 expressed make to Ramzi
to aid Judiciary overseeing Appropriations Committee Leahy and countries . being both foreign charge FBI these Senator Subcommittee the the in chairman of of
pursuing to would , in aid lift the President in restrictions September units a waiver with all connection being being and security that 2001 it military late the announced that seeking islamists . blanket on militant
support Israel Mubarak US of Zawahiri and foremost along Egypt Qaeda leaders of the this . with the remains Al and extradition in , , for mind in imprisonment Dr. government
, biological he he faces case " ( development in returnees program pursuant the death . ) he albanian of the brother weapons extradited height at the retrial sentence now being of " a to
. Pakistan up stories now to loan and , dollar Israel debt to billion with being appropriations the countries about like keeping it and , Egypt forgiveness and even hard guarantees
the the Iraq pale relating to to those in billions invasion of appropriations appropriations tens . comparison of many in
mind have motive Al a . Qaeda in
Afghanistan -- secular expelling Zawahiri 2001 the militant the United . fall militant argued " connection to that in titled Knights Banner " the suggestion , telling under somehow the from the Russians about islamists press include Prophet the the the he creation with of lies being being that in book islamists of the States
argued since . because the of and the treaty between of in the Egypt Israel that being and have Camp David instead they peace Sadat resulting Egypt assassination active Anwar Zawahiri Accord
assassinated then anyone the as Camp the to . of underscore point date paying attention sending David on being anthrax to Anwar letters if date being the Sadat and the Accord the
Qaeda talking read on Al Daschle anything know US the however and they of newspapers " , heads not of what most know , Leahy doing liberal " democrats . television only being in and beyond that the
profile US . the - based supporter FBI of 's includes militant a the islamists
either that useful Attorney being Ashcroft explained " not " a or . - General approach
educated FBI - to . having tended word word the US of militant uses includes a the the " , - the when that the highly islamists supporter media domestic fact " overlook based the
anthrax Lopez National that proposing Star a emerging contained of in , there and consensus Enquirer being . a a to of in Jennifer goofy being enclosing David love AMI to -- publisher the the letter marriage letter a
) anthrax interviewed by conclusion were Control author Leonard such that , reported well AMI . of containing but two by Disease one ( for detailed Center the employees the there with as Cole interviewed a not as supports mailings ,
the being letters to and publications Enquirer the ) . Sun to AMI ( one to different another -- National the
Bobby assistant have Sun to containing letter the the news . ) recalls Bender the addressed items ( to being
militant operandi Zawahiri they inspired it , being these this signature modus not being by merely tactic letters islamists the . of of
New letter and newspaper offices York to islamists , City . January in sent bombs Washington in 1997 D.C. the
of being the , Sheik and earlier Abdel the bombing World Center Rahman they the . sending connection Trade blind in of the sheik imprisonment with
a of " leader the spiritual ( also Islamic the ) Group , - " al Al Gamaa Al of being . Qaeda - leader former Islamiya egyptian he
and sending with islamists a the egyptian attack the the plot in of treatment connection bombs letter related . for on the the earlier being imprisoned WTC
of casualty resulted purpose bombs letter a the in . been -- to which send -- messages the minimal
rewards ) reward justice 5 for . the $ ( now reward $ being there outstanding initially the program up . a been to million -- 2 under , million
been claim no of responsibility . there
. been no explanation there
two mailed next , being , having on dates received once easily collected the being one separate . ten ,
? sound familiar
being , 1993 sending being , where Leavenworth officer also . key imprisoned defendant WTC a to two addressed " to parole " bombs
not . exist ( ) position the does
mid-february Quetta , in son in . 's Pakistan 2003 Rahman being Abdel captured
# to Mohammed 3 , capture Khalid dramatic 's Qaeda that turn arrest in . the led Al of
of hiding allegedly in the bacteriologist home Abdul Khan Mohammed the pakistani being . Dr. Qadoos
along with . and Laden over have , have considerable he influence Zawahiri Bin Rahman Abdel sons two
treated . sons reportedly they he like
Jihad being 's considerable Group challenging while early OBL caused lead the tension the 1980 although and the a blind to coalition by egyptian of the Zawahiri friends 's in Rahman ability Islamic Zawahiri egyptian sheik in . Islamic , and jail ,
Yousef 1993 imprisoned being the 's nephew WTC KSM . plotter
production of in Trade close Center in connection those earlier anthrax Qaeda , 's bombing the the thus World imprisoned have a of Al the leaders program charge connection . to with
Feith showing the half sending a bombs " for intelligence assistance a being Al purported the memo / summarized Laden asked in intelligence years Bin , to letter " . Osama letters sending having Qaeda controversial technical Hayat according iraqi which iraqi connection before Al ,
doing because to Al Qaeda valuing bombs like effective deadly in a they meant see missive likes the does not just truck and not . being its the
as theater " saying Brian terrorism " Jenkins . , being once
in early of in . sender being gas New purporting sent Zealand and 2002 2003 2003 in ingredients Belgium islamist cyanide nerve and to early in a both
Al being the manual Qaeda even Poisonous Letter a there chapter titled " in . "
eagle a - used federal mailings green the blue the anthrax " " stamp . being in
of hearts being islamists paradise martyrs that " in the widely the militant " it green published . birds to going among
of they " admitted which for for targets code date described representing green 9/11 9/11 the the the for to , , the very interview Jenny four in the the birds and admitted the planes the in code the . codes used symbolism the , masterminds and used , "
he Bin video Laden 19 later invoked the in Osama the symbolism " Martyrs " .
green in inside that . birds Publications Azzam " the a explained what to being website of faq on refers the " hearts
senators return revealing also use mailer the to School the 's of " " letters as being the address . for the Greendale
code letter that establish as Zawahiri May 2001 in islamists he Zawahiri the that word militant a egyptian to school abroad Jihad used Islamic members . sent " " for correspondence egyptian a
green being 's the . and Prophet symbolizes Mohammed colors Islam
Yazid just being by Greendale naming School anthrax , Laboratory Sufaat perp lab cute Green being in being , cute . the as Medicine being he
. " " " dale valley river " means
to valley Group -- refers Greendale Cairo , i.e. Jihad green Islamic river Islamic egyptian or likely 's . the
- egyptian Jihad of . Islamic or the the Jihad al egyptian groups the sender announcing , al being the that Qaeda which and egyptian the probably actually Islamic Islamic after merger , Jihad Group name being of being either Qaeda full of he
for . they except Friday jihadi Darunta wear trained complex being , washed recruits at green when the where , would uniforms
flew Messenger being the Hadith wherever please the that in the souls martyrs Allah of a of in paradise . that of the the they birds green explains in hearts
Qaeda , the Al source or about reported , a egyptian opportunity United wealth or " Islamic Islamic and possible Jihad open there though . to of as " egyptian being Group Canada seldom in information States
at those being sought public or sleepers who larger being and being have suspected the relates who . mostly to detained being information
doing States spadework to not for the causes terrorism fundraising 's in 1995 being Zawahiri charitable . , in United mission for
being a US under Mohammed sergeant named by Ali Army . accompanied former he a travelled alias and
meet doing who they ? exactly mosques they and what visit doing
political , whatever deserve . the and persuasion FBI CIA you we support
together , , we this being all after . in
( guess nature the investigation even - being a such of information second or first the lack that ) FBI what being to we doing . sufficient , know
a . reality poor of approximation the media because of being better reports of lack sources
hindsight being 20 / , . second 20
new being appropriate charge security the " due it in , doing of age with we likely in better , and balance the investigation the could third Efrem , . process " Zimbalist between national Jr. not striking
favor or least " losed . finally public being theory exhausted seems have , " the to at Hatfill
theory always being dubious " the accusing Dr. Stephen . " Hatfill highly Hatfill
on guilt premises no he . there reliable evidence publicly the and , suspicion false being many been known founded indicating
the fixation on senator least rumored a . as from in by hung 's at careers stemmed one reporters ( may by have the some FBI warning Hatfill balance that )
liberal democrats apparently some staff strong the predisposition being 's with - Leahy right started chief that two winger being because involved of . having targeted
specialists include now 8 theory of interviewed -- surveillance merit the subject of being 24 7 by rights Hatfill pending / ongoing and civil . -- claims libel and to surveillance ongoing the uncertain
New against a suit . Nicholas Times and dismissed in Kristof 2004 November late the York being columnist
to at the October . rights least civil proceeding having judge 2004 from agreed until delay the matter
coincidental ironically a Al understood theory circumstances best Hatfill other theory adding the Qaeda a to being might the . with as malaysian connection ,
, being being to fact a FBI now being having that fair it the that under suspicion proves enthusiasm dropped leaks that he given with suspect the only being regrettable Hatfill that the as case equal and . leaks if the when Dr.
Dr. likely residences a of lasted gasp insider search Ken 's biodefense Berry will a the about prove theory just of .
officials have much the being purpose of press quoted in he the he as as . including were excluding saying that the as for searches senior
, Maureen
( of you over before the being time list the curves it one to more board needed August assets Andre to for . meeting I look global forward ) going
needed sure inflation ) actually , to making which . of cpi being index being fx process curves determine in we etc. that he doing only inflation will the , and valuation ppi used one when and request will ( curves not the
being . inflation but not and fx we both , always from curves may typically you , receive both used
we that giving requests savings by nonessential eliminating time some . you any can I hope
for the of need list being . fx for inflation countries / which the will or , we curves probably this and now
will the later specifics Andre I todays . per send
India
Philippines
Bolivia
Jamaica
Guatemala
Venezuela
Columbia
( only historical as needs inflation ) , data I Puerto well cpi Rico
Panama
already current Brazil we data having
data we China having current already
inflation Euro only
I the from not not the have done they the so about but groups / needs certain . been for London underwriting information if iv you already will request
thanks !
Cindy
Cindy and , David
we international August the of please for assets board that meeting the need you . curves revalue send will list we to the
thanks ,
Maureen
Philip ,
having with I decline to . the regrets invitation
now commitments having I . many too right
Kaminski Vince
dear Vince
on in a 21 recently & I at Australia you 20 you , the quick messages follow on sent Risk inviting up 2001 place which , forthcoming we . Sydney taking that to to being 2001 just congress email August speak
you invitation ? have a consider the to opportunity yet have
's aiming you available congress to as have so we to as next possible I need this know really soon if at programme . would printed the week speak being years to , being would
by working Hong only by can I +852 ) office email there and : being for contacted , tel . 2545 from we this been Kong I ( 2710 phone or week
regards kind .
Philip
Waters 20 Philip 20 9800 9866 +44 Group www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus 7484 conference Risk producer Annesley 7484 +44
for make at the Friday reservations House table round Steak ( Sullivan Beth . 's ) for we 5/18 night 6:30 having
this there ling - you all see overdue being
Paula
Paula ,
. lot thanks a
drive will on ? day that you
Vince
Sullivan having Friday . night 's 6:30 ( Beth make at 5/18 reservations Round House the we Table for ) Steak for
overdue there ling you all see being this -
Paula
fyi
Vince
Sarah Anne , will call regarding . Mike you
Vince ,
groups in Sara grad mba going Mike from mail a I recent . hire Roberts mentioned , into to he , Woody as my , voice Rice
to talking Mike position when Elena compared being . , , we Sara this about however
, coordinator and . Elena that also , being admin that should and should title Sara have not honestly doing Elena this knew title 's not I think
work . does coordinator' primarily admin administrative
compare you as Elena and such Sarah duties to determine that . spec. and Parkhill broad sr. scope of and 's experience Kenneth not they equivalent other or suggest to Sevil being you level being in if / responsibilities , I as groups if they
both groups in ( the we Sara the a being job case Elena if k - salary could 66 33 latter , the and being specialist place ) range .
advise please .
, thanks
Anne
, Clayton
a . lot thanks
appreciate you all . I help
Vince
- Vince
better . news
everything transferred keys giving - it Martin the being by working Friday he . 's I have will to box wonderfully and
for ( being nicest Enron this deal ) . another
a we using being real . not box Enron for other being 21,000 way refund that in money giving , $ this anyone server being Sun we cash the save used by ,
about . happy this being I
Clayton
Iris ,
congratulations .
info file Iris Anne please include , , in this '
Vince
Michael :
thanks the . paperwork for together putting
unique in have meeting I opportunities access . I not to present interest investment can you that have now doing would if
consisted to research telling and suggesting in fund , trying most or , Home . ' banks , my of with to mutual something Sun in of , pass a having advisors past reports off they financial I Depot they valuable Coke contact the biased as invest
above valuing to no . services personally the I provide
with . as the you equity present , such or potential or opportunities hedge and listen private ideas can strong would access if other correlation to growth low , I to funds s@p
John
John -
get sent for and you together to we naked . options paperwork will the
diversification some quick more at perhaps markets -- the ? over would after to I the meeting close talked dinner a in strategy likes about or point detail ,
Emery 281-435-0295 x365 PaineWebber president 800-553-3119 , Group : Michael Financial vice account 713-654-0365 713-654-1281 cell fax : Inc. Gapinski
Michael :
idea the . appreciate
however not looking , being around to . natural really my with the I position trade , long
% of doing premium I in will ENE 50 , I it option range case but my being to believe . bound not continue want not being to forgo ,
up have likes of and targets the I will implement exposure . price use to where would calls stategy ENE to to I lighten
not that naked approved regards I , I noticed calls to to sell . were
likes options exposure having that would vested some ability unexercised . hedge of I to I in order
that please into for look I .
. John
- John
back at to a thinking pullback in calls it I ENE the buy and the . sold were might you looking opportunity recent being
in bounce calls a of stock if then to again sell the makes position a , you would . course being
. but , being @ maybe the not ENE being @ place that sure 73 I 75
being interested call . I if you
713-654-0365 fax account PaineWebber president Group Inc. Gapinski 800-553-3119 vice : x365 713-654-1281 Michael 281-435-0295 cell , Emery Financial :
by ) account : of instructions and transmit not entry regarding and or / notice orders orders s instructions . PaineWebber doing e-mail regarding you ( please
e-mail not responsible not being such by or / and transmitted . PaineWebber accepted PaineWebber out being orders will by orders and carrying or instructions for will / instructions and
the communications regarding : PaineWebber monitor the by confidentiality . right notice reserves received to its content and and e-mail all sent and / privacy or review employees of
and instructions : instructions entry doing or not ( e-mail and . orders orders of please by account regarding you notice ) transmit regarding PaineWebber s /
such PaineWebber instructions by and instructions accepted e-mail responsible or out will orders . orders being being for not and / or by will carrying and not transmitted PaineWebber /
reserves right sent . / content and regarding communications employees review : or privacy and monitor all of Notice the to its the confidentiality received by and PaineWebber e-mail
regarding notice not doing orders regarding instructions PaineWebber and and e-mail ( . : ) or account by of entry transmit / you orders instructions please s
/ e-mail by being orders such carrying will out instructions or accepted for will orders PaineWebber / and or PaineWebber responsible transmitted being by not instructions . not and and
: its employees and all privacy or and monitor right communications to and review the / notice sent by content of reserves confidentiality e-mail received regarding PaineWebber . the
cares ?????? who
email having changed effective sean.cooper@elpaso.com address that note immediately to please my
he just to . Wednesday rescheduled
dinner about how after ? that Wednesday on
I . Beau buddy invited you
about that prior after how or that Tuesday on to .
... not really
thursday already having . planning on
the being hour cocktail ? to you candidate NYMEX Tuesday going
agenda a . being oh there god
instead working would . dinner Thursday
really ... not
having . on planning thursday already
being going cocktail the NYMEX ? to Tuesday you candidate hour
oh a agenda god . being there
does for not working . I Wednesday
Houston . 3:30 Tuesday's how about time at
agree i . completely
moving being we 2 and to anything just once 6 for I a and and would - likes everything with . a week have meeting forward to a we of making all 1 update sure to hours get
take only overwhelming task my concern that boys we being the from they . away
. you doing guys think what
John
ok .
move I Tuesday meeting to . to will weekly have my
Monday's ??????????????? starting 4 week next at
working . for Wednesday does I not
how time at about 3:30 Houston Tuesday's .
agree completely . i
a - a a to we just anything 2 to and I likes with update of we and once moving everything to being week get would making all for hours have forward meeting sure 6 1 . and
that task concern . they my take boys we only overwhelming being from the away
you guys . doing think what
John
. yet not
you employment you agreement doing sign happen ? to
to request please respond below .
thanks .
John . requested Lavorato reported the attached having
- Time particular he being allocation Real amongst Traders in the categories about . , concerned
evening with entire . I in by if being , and if you please tomorrow , you the presentation if possible would agreement list the know lets review
any x at I being you having if . questions
! thanks
which 75 if 65 will we of ( however Dean ) we - understand we . I will 80 those k being not replacement 10 the a at k , hiring k lose paying up , doing + we if comparisons reality end all ,
being for this math I easy pretty .
now seems hourly right very knew but a strong traders market I . stretch the like being , for it
. asap get to would likes done I this
. thanks
reviewing on Dean request I been for agreement Mark . employment Laurent renewal the a
to ask reviewing and consider the communicated : request numbers following to to I would you some this when likes Juan
: $ current salary 47,500
: groups job specialist
ye rating : prc satisfactory
: proposition original
k 65 salary base
years agreement 1
5,000 $ signing
proposal revised :
k 55 : base salary
agreement 1 years
signing 5,000 $
we ) % dean increase he into . as 10,000 k taking it offered a approximately constitute consideration at k 55 business the a 25 over ( and would 60 if being or : rated level $ specialist still satisfactory case
k . salary a also range specialist of being top the , 66 for the
room he not promoted . job progress in it should giving still groups the being to he current would
being and excellent Paul Todd out you still Choate same performers Peter price DeCook that will and he the respectively groups performers job Makkai , in Jason having . that eg. secondly Thomas strong , ,
Listing : Job Salary Group in
Valdes 62,500 Maria $ superior
$ excellent Paul Thomas 55,008
Choate $ Jason excellent 60,008
42,008 DeCook Todd $ strong
Makkai $ Peter strong 47,500
. it Oxley .... know I you I will thoughts then lets by run
? to we being going attend
2002 - 8 Feb. Miami 5 , expansion , in Transition transmission Florida , Systems Conference and
overview
new transition RTO examine business challenges in the emerging to and capacity U.S. larger in competitive conference FERC this demands expanding and initiatives in under 's to markets the will effectively . electric systems regulatory more meet regional transmission
and possible will parameters challenges these of . solutions conference the the to they review
models examine technology . will expansion for and it new business transmission options
market proposals pricing , and it 's emerging methods traditional pricing . - transmission alternatives for analyze will FERC based pricing planning effective including to
that what for regime grid achieved in a regional discuss also and conference will legislative to the and regulatory reliable it initiative will action the trading efficient nation system . having take ensuring a
obtained the and Conference associated below brochure < the > can by >> Workshops for on << being the http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf link : clicking
Atlanta , , Design , 25 electricity March - 2002 Market Georgia 26 Conference
needs tax 969 something 2000 I . return check in to 's
who 969 2000 the having for return file ? tax
Essie
City Sonya
pm 07/30/2001 05:17
) embedded device bitmap pictures independent ( < >
for not you of that I . being this these since doing any peoples know I thought
Enron : who
Suarez : for hour John what happy
5 pm when at todays :
( Porch Front : 571-9571 St. the ) 217 713 Gray where
EBS day being lasted . : 's at todays John why
sponsored event being . this - Enron not a
company feel how about on doing another taking ? you
have below xferring ( Essie 1691 and world . co. ) see you Leon proposed to
doing concur you ?
. morning lets Monday I please know
, regards
Vicsandra
's , already if helpful you guidance . make not these should decisions have Essie being
corporate Patty x35172 tax 1774 Lee EB
my in see comments . please red below
Essie
, Essie
recommend companies new within organization you can ? fit where these the each
if possible can rank , - 1 5 of you the indication ? also through giving a
, thanks
Patty
to few changed I groups a need having groups a . may to being that or assigned entities
- LLC Indonesia Operations EI 18t
, nor in , Hyperion . not TIS being this SAP entity
, the or having no assets tax , liabilities 2000 return income .
since a sheet corporate this . there to entity inactive company seems , have for it creation being being but this data being
Works 86m - LLC Net Enron
. this being company appears the a despite name entity MTM , to
$ company k of . , 8 nothing having expenses and MTM else financials , this about September per m $ of 3 about
the being , EBS assigned 5 in . reorg and not my responsibility while companies doing got next during the
Inc Enron 80y Broadband , - . Acquisition
of ( acquistion entity this then WarpSpeed , and completion WarpSpeed ) the being of 2000 . Enron Services in now for created dissolved merger Communications 83n upon Inc. ,
company items of , with and around being i/s liabilities no but amount small a . assets
being . responsibility my 83n
thought 83n I . entity should this stay with
. it to Leon so I being assigned suggest
. 4 should it easy being -
of Co. . Network - division EBS 17h 1579
& groups possibly networks one this assigned services . being to should
. on currently list of we not companies
to services administrative as thought ) & network companies 17h I ( either this could ( / . ) or same Leon go holding
- easy 4 .
- - 1691 EBS EPI Europe
centralize month activities lasted merchant . up set asset to
broke . out 1179 of activities the
( assigned assigned being Mary this they entity . well commodity ) ) Todd being ( to similar a one Fischer trade 1179 so as should and Richards and to
4 . - easy
, EBIC Apache LLC - - 1307
VOF , rolls Finance to a Cherokee . up cfc
VOF assigned ( to Walloch Glen . America North Cherokee Walker and Finance Kevin being )
foreign which tax go to maybe one also have . being to this they tax as provided should would only being may the
. 4 - easy
- 1689 EPI , Ventures - EBS LLC
month activities lasted merchant . to up set asset centralize
out the broke of 1307 . activities
. 1307 as same
should being ) Walker ( Glen to America and North it Kevin . assigned Walloch
4 easy - .
know lets you questions I any having if .
networks Branom tax 345-8702 senior 713 leon.branom@enron.com and office services Leon ( analyst )
moving company over problems 1691 no about
no , that problems 4 will . so see it a being I that being
another feel company doing ? about you taking how on
have Essie ) proposed below 1691 Leon xferring world co. and you to ( see .
doing you concur ?
I Monday lets please morning . know
, regards
Vicsandra
guidance . helpful you decisions should , if being make already not have 's Essie these
EB corporate x35172 1774 tax Patty Lee
red in please see comments . my below
Essie
, Essie
each companies recommend these can new within fit the where organization you ?
, ? through rank 1 giving a also you - of 5 possible the if indication can
thanks ,
Patty
, Virginia
hello .
originally I being about inquiring or . lithograph Signac purchasing impressionist a Cross
William they London purchased Weston a gallery . from both , I found in and
delivered week this being should they .
a we lot collection adds and they . beautiful being to will
the and way Lichtenstein it living the magnificent . room by up hanging formal in being and being we
Appel I the purchased month also have lasted . in a
I . been in several interested artists
actually lot , . a
I more will or of one following . being the looking for
they being really depending all one of time being over something would I find my when likes following like and that to that I we the artists . concept all own
's of I and vs. my we favorites . ) ( listed mine all sometimes priorities wives
of kind the stated order . will I they I if piece we purchase being rank it that I but like as find in
numbered I signed want and .
artist in it realize decision fact . that the some by buying being but my being not a signed I important
works expensive or realize that some may . paper on I done not outrageously they also any being have
on , paper done example any would I if . Rothko to work Kline know likes or for
at least what thinking I being that now . been
only ) colorful Bonnard (
Lautrec
Suerat paper any ? ( - on works
he I any not know done that doing )
lithos post other or impressionist impressionist
Braque
Moore
Arp
Rouault
Modrian
Rothko
Kline
Motherwell
been you 2 that I a couple in ( at interested re-looking ago we gallery . the Picasso a way ) have , years having although by of
vs a ) 1920 push called the pronunciation a cubist and a the piece ( believe I the proper wa from technique attempt spelling " it at . you " being
in in 20,000 galleries a and it for of being . about couple $ SF sale being
there ? 1 being available
having been , and can already Matisse I lot the back it having in but a interested also as on other of before burner discussed we about . still because one may thinking been artists remain you see the I we I
, thanks
mike
Sooners . over Huskers drool
am 09:14 01/19/2001
. Sooners Huskers , rule drool
am 07:55 01/19/01
note the for thanks .
Sooners rule .
when . will time we settle down find things
m
am 07:24 01/19/2001
Mike
. being that I lunch see have todays we to scheduled
. again later I , you this may to let morning will I postpone have know
may over presentation final I working analyst have weekend so all out sunday the being been by lunch in . night the and comments I to we on having
just being I to I doing too not cancel probably lunch , so been we pretty better doing . I having in but thought being mad actually shape will if
Ken
that you he bowl football when of I of realized one two games he . ( a that being not the bowl found out galleryfurniture.com I in going college sick remember )) very and ( it Shreveport the , brother fan I to being very told name I they can 3 ps
draft intial . here Jeff the , being
necessary please and a thought leave additions . as documents any changes make you that word and
wording have not first down changed after put even I I . it the
Mike
you the comments you about I enjoy Mark thought . , would
m
01/19/2001 07:24 am
Mike
that todays see have I to scheduled lunch . being we
this you I morning . again later will to let I have , may know postpone
and being working to sunday may final comments so out over on in presentation I all we I weekend the by the having . lunch analyst have night been
being being having probably if been doing too cancel pretty shape will but I to I in thought , actually mad . doing I just lunch better we not so
Ken
name I he , )) the they fan remember in bowl of a being being can you very found going one ( . not college to ( that I realized I it sick games of brother ps he galleryfurniture.com two when Shreveport I told and bowl football very that out the 3
will calendars on we this I . put
next Compaq the . , will making you years maybe not bad but thing too
from a other wow , . cities down the Antonio what San let
that though a will time being years of nicest .
birthday years he there took can lasted . I for I restaurants Ric recommend some better since
and . at great stayed the Menger time a have we
04:18 09/20/2000 pm
he Michael Francis ( may , so at better , a - so being far goes this . visit ) which Friday school St. new for
will being 1000 I around in
or I try . so 445 to Michael away going much Fridays so pick means , to since I leaving up being most by being which
ENA October , 4 . the orientation in am
October at to of having 20 ( , pick up from 430 town leaving so I 19 Neil ) , being school out Michael /
27 26 . to , / October hope being vacation time
Miami , a ( Francisco great years , Antonio Phoenix ) being this having San in in usually it meeting San so - Neil not .
being spouses Enterprise . the meeting it for invited officer and being , 's
means being thing this will in town we not Compaq for . the
of , figures . course
. for thanks asking
some , being I also days vacation watching for better ...
/ review comments fyi /
a : I wrap couple can having questions so of I up loi the
cell . licensed to fuel refer equipment energy we
generic we should intend or ? more particular this being doing a , manufacturers to reference
we and the the the to a want attach terms draft development draft , on same in deal as being final condition doing the what of to agreement ? substantially agreeing
that the bug that bite I Enron a . with optionality the we backside one on having could concern
have one contracts , several doing to or expect we epc ?
for looking . files not in checked being closely I have ( which yet 's , confidentiality ) Bart the agreement may being
handy up speed it it . if having things , could I for anyone
, thanks
Kay
questions contracts . more forget one the or
I contracts have project to . each separate we for see expect
loi I can so couple a the of : I questions having wrap up
to equipment licensed fuel we refer energy cell .
generic , doing a more reference ? we should this or particular intend being to manufacturers
the the to same being , attach the of we ? in doing terms the draft deal and agreement draft final agreeing condition want on development to as a what substantially
that bite optionality one the bug I concern having we backside with on Enron that a the . could
expect , epc one contracts ? or several we to doing have
checked files in Bart . have confidentiality for being agreement not ( looking yet may , 's being ) closely the which I
things could anyone , having it if . handy up for I speed it
thanks ,
Kay
epc . that contracts m draft when on signed the 170 contracts the saying the $ of issue , the paid the being being
attributable being to as the expecting portion epc we individual being signed the ? that paid being will contracts each project
, thanks
Kay
not money more without the the listing FuelCell meaningful 1 lot , ONSI ( given ) pricing . Energy specific and have we i.e. that . being CRRA to manufacturers would being would a being
to we having the reference , I manufacturers hence . thought that
of attachment the a development . question Jeff being . agreement 2 the
need CRRA we order the in to will , in get development to income agreement . 2000 to 2000 any execute mark
opinion the should the attached show development the in of loi my , that with agreement copy being CRRA . assumption a we
loi days development a send couple after the actually . I would they agreement draft the
loi would a ultimate agreement how the CRRA being attached I if based the to . making , on to needs reacts determination
at per . one project epc I least . expect 3 contracts
the one another on want performance project project of not of . acceptance to we condition doing the
on basis by unit or . in being project a tests basis unit a project given either performed performance a will
clear remarkably explanation .
. , below see fyi
birthday tommorow . Mom 's being
she ? being get to going we what
Chris
better stuff that being some .
way . we I soon you being hear coming
beers few to . drinking a look forward
Chris
Michael 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am > on < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com McDermott
fat mama `s so .... yo
. so ass you trips being having : to she fat two she hauls when making mama
skip band makes she . she when dances the
being when 13 eating live flesh she she gave doctors years to . with the disease the diagnosed
the she ( winner <- clearly mayonnaise puts aspirin ) on .
with cereal she lifeguard came a . bowl
to she peanuts goes elephants throw the zoo . when she the
graduation being aerial . she high photograph pictures a school
on license " she . `s continued other side " pictures saying drivers
driveway she the to she pants having iron . on
the . looks pack dogs neck she of back like a of hot
to so all , `s fat . away all " when or milk have carton mama `s : yo having they says yo signs ran mama she maximum , restaurants 240 the " yo that mama town four sides the of occupancy use in : , fat patrons so
so , wears instead Levi`s of 501 mama . fat yo she , `s 1002`s jeans Levis
. when in go mama yo fat she it , to , a so elevator `s having down gets
with shovel so mama a `s fat in born she mouth being she yo . silver ,
gotten . she `s so women yo , mama fat fat smaller she orbiting `s around
shade mama , sell could so `s . fat she yo
wait see :-) have you and will to
! done
Paul a call expect from . tonight
Chris
some questions ? what interview better being
. co-workers poll you
cd
waste . want yesterday arthritis got so you called doing I time you that told while abruptly Paul to he you not he for because done tests
I say he having . you at and he call what least told I he to told to heard back
they based on he told he a looking being formality saying and interview a . what peoples for I being
Chris
you really Dan gave microwave expensive that being ? that
should it a just not being work new at saying should . bother guys all I having one buy fixed I the
Chris
Hawker Jai 974-6721
. will the forget I $ about not
I deals need model the in already ? my deals the in doing doing to system that the to you reference or cross doing
Chris
, Kathy
doing I until that deal it look . take out not at
I ( book to ) being only it book the thought . it fx it but in red my mine write blue I in I write forgot
, thanx
Chris
a to reported reminder a currency send I . just
, thanx
Chris
todays I Paul called .
of being in weeks Calgary will couple in you he interview and . a then will
Chris
should reply asap . you
Peters Co. wait doing make and not .
Chris
todays I to to . Paul get a chance talked not doing
he . give a call tommorow
Chris
run June for will you a nx1 . / book we nx3 please
Paul
about or how at ? 11:30 12 meeting
I in a office the so call . I giving been
CD 3-1663
. done being deed the
Chris
letter resume find . attached cover and
doing anyting he not hopefully incorrectly . spel
being and worker . Dan a really smart hard
a I . thought better fit being he would
Tuesday went weekend discuss golf to ( ) give for to I a Kelowna . afternoon call the
cheers ,
Chris
yet a have send have . not chance it I to
he Paul todays to of . to I being not chance so have talked a the have out office
resond should . I will as I as or send wether you soon it not
Chris
being you ? looking still guys a analyst for
resume ? send you the I or directly should Dawn to
1100 m5j Chris 70 Canada , suite Corp. Ontario Enron York Street Toronto , 416-865-3700 1s9
- 416-865-3703 director Paul DeVries
416-865-3704 - Wilson Jan manager
) nwp the attached for of . pgt a and summer the for rest being x forecast ( the
can to west have the as to with we discuss conference . should soon we as desk a try call
Chris
! you there see
CD
sushi tonight ?
Ryan saying . Watt high
Chris
I to . able attend being will
Chris
Jordan Mike
26/09/2000 14:14
Fernley / Sally
one Gentle together have page itself ) a ( help and operating ( we fundamental with off . note communication Jackie a page pulled on on standards ) 's one summary I
will letter for the draft the Enron - inclusion which we newsletter a introduce where cover of stages this being within this ) final Europe ( Globalflash in John we process for
note any you thoughts having draft ? or cover on
Mike
great late . Jan sounds
( League Cotillion the couple Senior and bigger does National committed ) Ball bigger in . on a -- with weekend winter , party things a dance helped to she Presentation Meagan for and being Charity Bearkadette January that I have the of
three , . that believe 13 , row being a January 20th 6 and these weekends I in
the I and ) will need working lasted rest ( . weekend January from ! a in affairs would formal so well
that does you for working ?
you doing ? doing Saturday to want a or Sunday and it on
Saturday I and !! by for afternoon doing so back is I laundry Sunday Houston works that in , better probably just
... hi
talked be - the - little to . mother to
shower saying a grand . would she being
presentation mid-January having she some bigger .
January to you how does . late sound
we ? should now set date a
mother turning ? I been into
Cindy
means that being I wonder fundamental , regarding a , enough we global . of about standards delivery and messages a to great get some but press appropriate the the operating most thought I idea it of timing
the means the whether , note I not . on intent of you sure from understand fully I delivery been or not
the John or to a letter ? the from in being to article a being introduction included lead as
every and applied I intended the trading a be to commodity they every nature activities to . to engage , fundamental regard global being in of with one that points we , around key that messages location global thought operating in being standards where
professionals being we will in risk we being management these worldwide operations that being that , there with as mitigated standards able implemented consistency Enron know standards . ensure operating top worldwide being and operating to will
enable expand trading standards Enron its well to reach also defined more should , these business . regard global quickly to operations requirements with with
been article of across written global from . the effort not that nature this I comes the sure as
, question regarding finally timing . a
to you been return Brent ) took point know controllers business this standards being drafted Houston that doing this circulated for . this lasted to all fundamental for being the Shona to Brent starting after ( and operating after comments I 's
I implemented have the doing understand standards these that not we reviewed can worldwide quite , believe . have controllers all we point say that at that and business being
exception process part a a against and of belittle ) and . effective ( tough reported standards creating will , these behind being the on meat not global to the the real this basis standards the
production Causey being by global to Rick will that that I my the reported commitment have of the end . in years
to more for sources reliable reported to identify and defining the content much in and of even doing the compiling to the there doing of . regularity data reported work work being
this believe working to and that . Shona James Moscoso Mike I working , already New Mike being commissioned on having with having
standards against info you whether or not yet to want report about publish fundamental can question we not I that so .
we buy and of ? October appropriate - should exception these more to Global meeting when in we first commitment standards the time hopefully draft in ) after and Controller a a reported ( being have worldwide would Operations meaningful
so that sorry this . response looks long
times so that 20 being , I have makes responding sense it . hope while interrupted I
thanks I sharing with for . this
, you since you I . asked mind some gave hope not input doing that I for that you
-- Sally
pm 01:04 11/10/2000
) to we being 21 ( from $ up from 2001 that noticed I % going , Steve . ie 11.5 years $ 2000 m m on allocation 13.9 years by
keeping direct being keeping years we well flat the able as expenses to have years on to we ENA years being trying corporate . years groups allocation flat 's hard to ,
? doing able to you view achieved we goal being this on a might how have
regards
Delainey
doing on not it worry you speaker putting about ... . back for sorry
much enjoys bashing . just ( so Sue wanted ) utility I heard she to
on for hearing . the thanks the comments
in thanked ) first I went . FERC ( intervening doing respects for though ; have different for much better could some not everyone panel reasons think the
staff better also being the other reports looking .
having being like . afraid to it told it being somebody godsend Scott not a -- Miller
Dasovich Jeff
sent Jeff : by Dasovich
12:33 pm 11/10/2000
if . offended I anyone apologize I
ceo that lets . know larger were the California , regulated I utility they quoting a of in simply please
the I . quote to attributing for thanks
left you after job great a hearing done you the at it decidely going ---- downhill .
, best
Jeff
have she ? or in being meeting for on one interest one hanging she - - any does a looking just public
will remain if that just . modulate we of can in the I get they they front approach convinced peoples facts
Jeff Dasovich
Dasovich : Jeff by sent
11/10/2000 pm 12:21
and actively but at the notice , decline the we the politely works find , the better we let a given Monday on intend solution general , plan in senator California helped , in that engage to short everybody process know that . will hearing participate for to to will
. amen
. below see
help some we the get ? IBM on issues can
Rice Erin
11:08 am 11/10/2000
: Steve
and the at bit can . tibco a this and it , contacts overcome terminal being we point they backpedaling problems suggesting server
four , however there issues be still important :
messages transferring can domains it still . to not across commit
Corp Corp outside . this the organization entire initiated any not means units reach business domain messages will Enron that and for intended at the
WebSphere proprietary . not unless to WebLogic tool use messages will the reach , organization delivery EES and IBM agrees will no they , instead use messages
separate designed a BackWeb being being by although it . WebLogic by company , required
to . user can of use because tool survey anonymous this , , being intended not will not hr key BackWeb a being make responses
already execute CONFIRMIT can called that surveys purchased a having tool . anonymous hr
to domain sending five same for in two simultaneously users , . not will all messages delivered hours messages they delivered being the administrator after being nor by they to the being will
these set ( of set retrieve they expire as users a to e-mail being they disappear with and meaning thing they another later that will time read being to not messages within . ) , consider period and can can
because that messages I have I the being days time the this , for miss several office . and from could disappeared and entirely by means would a away returned expired it
commercial initiative lack , that pushing it members this of . plain being a they sponsorship being few fact but the
being will allow a to - implementing company this it tool they for before the wide fully test bills . which hoping pilot Corp will foot they
. please lets questions additional we know you if having
- er
Kean Steven J
am 11:35 11/09/2000
reach many not sense can can how they , we have many doing for ? how being where we and we a
only being whole it ) offices those having ( unreachable eg being Tokyo ? or who offices home
Courtney Votaw
11/08/2000 am 11:02
- and Mark Steve
concerning discuss we proceed BackWeb you and to to Rice . meet likes issues I with before would Erin the
design see . from being you pretty they , significant as can the documents
, thanks
Courtney
calendar
pm 05:59 11/10/2000
Nov. to conference 9th . asked FERC I Thursday a having review the that Paul set being held , Kaufman call to meeting
advised set have as please been call I follows that : the
: Monday , date Nov. 13th
2:30 : Central pm 1:30 / / 11:30 pm Eastern time am
call in # : 888-422-7132
411507 : # pin
362416 # Kaufman : only pin for Paul
if please having you any call 503/464-7927 , questions .
to Kaufman Lysa Paul ass't. Akin
being it tonight on
not see this you being can the ? numbers why deal 814014 -
2.975 3,500 doing a Marketing purchasing on @ doing you 30th ? May with deal Fuel mmbtu National
doing not this invoicing for it a have being and invoicing they . I for
deal I you can giving Sitara # ? the
thanks
Darla
my I . , and Joseph for to ok book husband
American card a corporate were . issued I Express new
date same . expiration 3/03 numbers with of
more you any info please advise if needs , .
you will tickets will assume otherwise I the . two book ,
thank . you
looked can second why 814014 see being deal upon this actually ? numbers the - - not you
with @ Marketing National deal May 3,500 2.975 30th on ? mmbtu you Fuel purchasing doing a doing
I not doing invoicing being a it they . invoicing have this and for for
giving I ? # you the deal Sitara can
thanks
Darla
bondad should non being
to Gas pricing on having we Southwest Jane 763736 01 for May sales deal , . a , discrepancy
bondad based non-bondad reflects being on but sj to system . paying gdp sj SWG gdp we we going
Sitara necessary making can ? you price if please change the confirm which and correct in being
thanks
client ) phone services : laurie.ellis@enron.com email 713 345-9945 Enron LLC ( Net : 646-8420 ) : fax Laurie Works Ellis 713 (
the about flooding sorry .
family you you . and hope ok survived
gas and May support for attached being . the settlement
for v02 difference being have we the package . only
Mark . the Anderson non-bondad though gas price that even bondad saying being , flowed
great . have day a
Nancy
file >> << enron.xls : - enron.xls
enrongss.xls << >> file - : enrongss.xls
- gda flowing - price - price which ; deal being 759933 763736 out bondad for numbers being numbers gda actually nonbondad of - deal bondad volumes being blanco for
a May we deal for , discrepancy Jane . having on , Gas to Southwest 01 763736 pricing sales
going non-bondad but we system sj to bondad sj paying gdp SWG gdp we on . being reflects based
change confirm correct which can you Sitara please being the and making price if ? necessary in
thanks
laurie.ellis@enron.com 646-8420 Laurie fax Net email 713 services Ellis ( Enron ) : phone 345-9945 ) : ( : LLC 713 Works client
flooding sorry about . the
you . you hope survived family and ok
for and support attached settlement May gas the being .
difference for only we v02 package being have . the
Anderson gas even bondad . flowed being though non-bondad price saying the Mark that ,
great a day . have
Nancy
<< : >> - file enron.xls enron.xls
enrongss.xls : >> << enrongss.xls file -
talked at he Gas Mark - I honro numbers with just SW
please the you for , ? Nancy at price gas with the reconfirm Mark can bondad
sj price . of trader bondad my than non-bondad being sj gdp gdp supporting she rather
thanks
( 646-8420 phone Enron 713 : Works ) : 713 ) 345-9945 Laurie email laurie.ellis@enron.com ( client LLC Ellis fax : Net services
- gda bondad 763736 actually for volumes bondad gda out 759933 which nonbondad numbers numbers price flowing - of being - price blanco being for deal - ; being deal
sales , pricing 01 Southwest to discrepancy deal Jane 763736 on . a Gas May for having , we
on we based but sj sj gdp to reflects gdp going bondad . non-bondad system SWG being paying we
necessary you in correct change confirm Sitara ? and making being please the can price which if
thanks
) Enron Ellis laurie.ellis@enron.com services : : ) Net 713 ( 646-8420 713 fax ( : Works phone client Laurie LLC email 345-9945
sorry . flooding about the
and family hope survived . ok you you
the gas May and being for attached settlement . support
for package only difference we the have being . v02
price that bondad even being Mark though flowed saying non-bondad . Anderson the gas ,
day have great . a
Nancy
enron.xls >> enron.xls << - : file
<< enrongss.xls - >> enrongss.xls file :
's delvery PGE volumes request : EES CityGate for 11/1/01 please find for effective enclosed
attached see spreadsheet .
quote indexed please . a gas the basis on
comments or please advise if you , having . any questions
patience thru walk to have we the get will call you it and some - evening have I I can not it working .
being trip to Moines ? you Des how
. helped stuff dthat Joe cars doing form you
, hey Cester
get to going being NetMeeting when we ? going
being 's knee ? how Deb
ever ? go doctors real she to a doing
Tholt , [ ] Jane M.
week times she . theraphy physical yes being 3 a having
better being . it saying getting she
. have have only she to a weeks for and couple seeing she of talked not I
involved desk you probably with so will this to . week I regulatory more seek assistance become - you matter being I updates I will calling in next the wanting
stuff I being just having thought too busier I a plate much on bunch you you to and you of get told . about Jared
cool I by !
go over going tomorrow all I and Ruth the to being Florida . morning Jared activity ,
. objects the , lead no if I starting Florida one being tomorrow on coordinator will
maam being now yes she , ubs .
she . too just down been here
, Chris
. remember if Judy doing not you mentioned email I
? she doing it making
Franklin fax services : work 1.888.509.3736 transportation : : Cindy 832.676.3177 pager 832.676.1329
******************************************************************
the any from files they for of addressed it be or use the Corporation intended with entity confidential individual to this email and whom and being . transmitted the ElPaso solely
notify have if . please in email you received this sender error the
******************************************************************
over being morning tomorrow , going all I Ruth Florida . activity and to the Jared go
objects no Florida tomorrow on being coordinator one I lead starting will . the if ,
, because Ruth to get . phone being to she talked the ok I never always on
on !!! phone she the Shemin too being and bet with I
Dominion conference call Davis ? and making or like just should myself all get to Jeff together should call we I a doing we before
? , , and being we call lasted Davis Bill ) ( . sp Jeff Iris Savier Kind
I . doing about forget not
tabs on gas being still it find and to I out agreement what trying move . will take ena to
a tabs this , just point at transportation . no
also for , . to will most it being the you guys being much easier monitor of will deals monthly because
. exception looks , with one Steve better everything
net net . the on 284 being or Tennessee - 2 - should rate either schedule
until will out . not I Monday find
come and on will . , the making approve on , at you change review it I and it Monday keep and desk over desk you you
he take it will then for . to approval I Ed
doing Melanie by to way we Cullen sending the and what copies being . Dykman being , Gray of
Chris :
conversation please minutes , per we . attached stipulation find revised a ago the few
faxed to changes hours the this here being the a up . in having being that ago Toni with few mark modified Donohue documents you -
we based revision " . to discussion that I assuming approval you " get subject for deleted also , recall on
attorney you this discuss I . with would you you that informed
to as Houston Melanie I , Gotschal to mark Gray mentioned we up to in keeping - Weil faxed you you . she at have , informed also
out of ( being ) she she office mail saying until voice . Monday the
thanks this you on . for all help
11201 , New Metcalfe 718-780-0276 Street and T. Brooklyn 718-780-0046 Cullen : : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com Dykman fax David 177 Montague LLP phone York e-mail :
____________________________________________________
or intended use the confidential material contain , attorney s work email and may being recipient that privileged product ( sole . for the this ) / of
prohibited express or others review , . forwarding without reliance strictly permission any being by distribution or
please the copies , the and you all being sender delete if not contact recipient . intended
world achieving a advances of . of in women story the equality heartwarming the throughout
years in War . several Kuwait Walters story gender a Barbara done roles Gulf on before the
they behind that . about customarily husbands she then noted feet 10 walked women
walked wives behind returned that yards they she several observed men to the and recently now . Kuwait
approached Ms. women of Walters being and this marvelous , the . " saying one
what can told ? to just of enabled free this achieved the women you here world reversal " roles
woman " , saying mines " kuwaiti . land the
on we Company for of Gas the Tenn back space and ( Dykman agreement Cullen Gas Iroq approved the all Boston ) to releases to changes and Boston attorneys .
also being , taking out # . they " make under the of one bottom page 2 recall items other 1 " the at language they change to subject
I they documents sending revised will being to the .
you I you . it approval to for deliver will
too go can maybe . we drinking
would being that fun .
you or being at will I 10:30 around house . tonight 11
have . you doing to really go not
with on . you I woman knew the you going lot having a little and
handle the tractor can . I
. to being for it along the , you necessary not have but love company
, dad you lot plate a . having on you
01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm chris.germany@enron.com on
funny .
. no
being at , that being sale notified I night at garage why the doing not being - annoyed guilty I grrrrrrr feel 10:00 . about
about . doing all doing I this feel work you guilty
you I . and pay going gas twinkies the being so , the I with for
, correction
ceo GE the Jack of being , . not welch GM
Kaminski Vince
team the eThink
wish eSpeak recently you a . create to " for we " we list asked
being in very , the tremendous , creative cases some response and .
Bush you employees everyone from . for George fellow Britney asked to Spears
requests a persons . , to all of Enron eSpeak received outside in event we for 61 hosted
suggestions interesting sampling might you , have the so to we a you who provided know we likes thought of below find . colleagues
the most espeakers ten top being requested . here
ceo , . Welch , General 10 Jack Motors
, McNeally 9 ceo Sun , . Scott Microsystems
8 satisfied . Enron customers
author highly . of Effective Stephen , Covey Habits the Seven 7 People ,
Oprah host . 6 talkshow Winfrey ,
U.S.A General Joint former , Staff 5 Chiefs . . Chairman of , Powell , Colin
U.S.A , , 4 . Federal , . Chairman Alan Greenspan Reserve
former . Bush George President U.S. 3
, . Bill Microsoft 2 ceo , Gates
Governor 1 Bush George W. . Texas
. while we special of bring will making , these promises at doing best some we can guests least in any we to not
we we lets in at , if any speakers these touch get contacts could please know who having . helped guest with you ethink@enron.com
. eSpeak help then and , a needs everybody even now little
plenty , internal speakers well of as . were there requested
although of can ! to with somewhat quite we should being requests a , colleagues scheduling meet being some time task those easier
for . all thank you you participation
, Dale
. confirmed
Vince
Vince :
am at . being perfect Hyatt Regency 7 would Downtown
am at . will see in I you lobby the 7
best regards ,
Dale
, Dale
being all performance a . ) day day Friday review ( bad committee
the or what breakfast 7:00 ? about at office at meeting 7:00
) Street can ( we at Smith meet . Hyatt Downtown Regency
Vince
: Vince
can at office am Friday get you 800 ? together we 7 morning july at
for particularly would convenient . that I being
about a 945 . plane will have leaving downtown catch to at I to
will of will I too take that not you ensure much that time !! up
with thanks efforts here , patient for . being you thanks for I and
Dale Nesbitt
fyi
! sold Vince
the initiate . will call I
, Ed
for . works Thursday I
my ? about time 10:30 what
Vince
ekrapels@esaibos.com > please to < respond
, how Thursday July about 6 ?
, Ed
correction a .
on Friday ) day entire shall 7 I performance , July . at review prc ( spend a
we doing another can on day
Vince
respond > please ekrapels@esaibos.com to <
the so we in Boston will it over still phone doing . would I here being
ok ?
, Ed
day that doing ? in over it you or shall being will the phone Houston we on
Vince
to < respond > ekrapels@esaibos.com please
, Vince
at , am web 11 site on 7 pre-meeting ? Friday a about how cruises July EDT
Ed
Ed ,
12 it July . 2:30 being ,
would . I cruises likes pre-meeting the site
how can we it ? arrange
Vince
ekrapels@esaibos.com > respond please to <
Vince ,
set 12 being July . 2:30 we on for all
on 11 am Friday a web , July how 7 about at EDT site cruises pre-meeting ?
Ed
Ed ,
for July , . I 12 Wednesday working will 2:300 ,
glad to . -- shall review I being you www.weathereffects.com website
in to groups who working shall invite peoples some my I join . I electricity on
Vince
please < > respond ekrapels@esaibos.com to
, Vince
better . and you available I being from to you glad heard being
how Wednesday being at ? 2:30
. quality at not doing surprised and see I eol to look its been
I electricity of deadline reported much it risk and . because about trading unable my to hedging being say in pressures
the site being doing ? how
heard been BP and . with site platforms that , by going for and competition trading the yours intrigued compete astonished to being , launch I a to Goldman Shell Morgan being to
shotgun marriage talked a ! about
-- through website , we step week if time . having I next www.weathereffects.com could you we
done what I proud being have . we very of
with the not phone out yet giving site walk but my happy . you using to over a can the would I password password being through
NEPOOL , - art it and - -- stated the model . day a to seasonal very better being , and 6 load ambitious of PJM driving with ) for a - - weather 10 day ( wsi site
" " , and price ideas to ESAI herding oil forecasts periods price , for forecasts power develop time capacity . judgments gas contributes input same and
being . full - bore effort 's ( being to pleased one with ) $ $ the results forecast it we month 43 turned 46 , e.g. Nepool onpeak after I out and ,
weekend having great . a
Ed
Ed ,
I days available on . shall both being
Wednesday , between and , 12 4:00 about 1:30 what . July
lets would you please , time working what for . know I
you see will nicest again being to it .
Vince
? by the the chance have at , way take a looked a eol doing you p.s. to
respond please to ekrapels@esaibos.com
03/02/2001 am 10:46
you what doing ? think
10:39:03 on 03/02/2001 am joe_lardy@cargill.com
threshold Enron Cargill mm having . 15 collateral currently and a
if , be I . box broker to to the possible prime put biz the would biz run this way thought cleanest around a
could the isda under set for but . credit up biz still master a operate would we this annex mutually agreeable support
schedule poa keeping b in . agreement 20,000,000 still we of line the the would referenced
distinct a from and seperate being the poa measure collateral daily . line in the the
gross the . exposure mill reflects 20
and being workable thought know reasonable . this I lets you if
being to too we and open we , and high very Global priority being Enron as relationships the important . to suggestion a
thanks
Joe
- Joe
regading few things a poa / Cargill .. the line
how available line to going having having been I much this find . already probably you we ... out currently
, to we knowing using piece Global , a limit allocate other line over the without we solve the I putting the of Cargill ... problems which should would peoples
the language to poa the of could ... this we changed
over will of go not Global piece line 's Cargill the we ...
solve this I thought ... concern we would main
trading ... we I and yourselves with know eager to please ... lets keeping Global being
, regards
Caroline
: Dee
I if we to lets needs know . anything discuss
execution been being hopeful prepare copies to . ready we I that
regards .
Sara Shackleton
Susan Bailey
02/27/2001 am 08:23
, Dee
13 a isda for blacklined : the being ( attached ( you b ) review ) master . the a schedule and version agreement to of paragraph
dated on faxed and ( January 19th to 2001 changes 2001 a comments 11/8/2000 ENA against on and have per compared , the 5 ENA transmitted b to being , accepted include transmitted ) ) comments . January ( , these 's ENA draft you e-mail ,
to we look you forward . response
cordially ,
Bailey Susan S.
these not . about anything know transactions doing I
Sara Shackleton
pm 03/01/2001 01:35
afternoon better Sara ,
previously . follow wanted discussed equity that Laurel with regarding approval the I of isda I up following for having trades the with you you and confirmations to understand creation
) Europe 1 Ltd. ( - Enron International Edison ) in 2 with total swap
pg&e in Europe total 2 swap Enron Ltd. 3 ) - ( with )
. advise please
regards ,
Jorge
a ENA ] that : floating date amount of the floating follows on " by amount for date calculation payment being calculated as will : [ payable payment
- [ 38,000 usd ( floating x price ? ) quantity amount period ] per floating notional = calculation
Shackleton Sara
provisions you 38,000 payment how usd ] other equal of , which [ subject shall ? to ] amount doing of fee paying agreement to date to the on - master each netting " shall the a a ] { refer : ? [ ] amount the ] " being agreement provisions , [ [ ENA
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton Sara
02:10 03/02/2001 pm
payment " being amount date : as date the floating on a ENA calculation [ by for calculated follows payable of amount will payment ] that : floating
[ x ? ] - usd amount calculation period per ( 38,000 quantity floating ) notional = price floating
Shackleton Sara
Singapore english ) person in the London credit transactions for ( s prepares what financial ? and
speak understands distant and to so " not in omnibus each credit credit the , needs Houson " point London and master future order the the . philosophy analysis in departments the some for behind at transactions that
. to I you look from forward hearing
regards .
Sara
on you ps congrats ! promotion
with offsite speak you after to hand to the chance have . a I doing shake not you
in you . Houston weekend enjoyed you hope
fine looks
Shackleton Sara
pm 02/27/2001 06:07
: Sara
the fro we needs lme product changed . the to prod description
... days date two the mainly on settlement as date shall change follows transaction after of " the the instead which " text , ... of being : the read business
, which a paying from the to transaction agent ) shall and Enron offer with & Trading receive Corp. Management currency the which the " shall amount counterparty shall case to counterparty for or counterparty foreign , & counterparty ) the EEFTL base currency amount either EEFTL b base amount EEFTL currency and Finance under sell which , to foreign amount ( ) " Europe currency ( a ( the Trading for the shall in submits submits as offer buy in Risk currency receive paying for Limited case a a .
volume amount . via counterparty currency the the by equal the submitted base website shall the
fixing as on foreign Metal amount amount submitted website , mtle price base by the the page currency LME the via Exchange the daily equal multiplied published the London transaction the the ( . , rate by on the ) counterparty by of modified date currency shall Reuters by
to product shall the . set correspond website transaction the on the ) of the date forth s term in ( description the
on date . ( product ) description shall the date the settlement in forth website the being s set the
. currency base price ' ) ( being ) jpy ' dollar the ' the US foreign in quoted currency ' per ( the
dollars measure quoted being the being price of . which US the unit shall against
please make you before approval any I we . know changes lets
thanks
Carlos
have needs not that out doing filled I . coverage health a through have I insurance to Enron saying form
who in send hr out to needs to can it I ? find you
, thanks
Kay
. p.m 2:30 dad just saying will you at you mom surgery and 's being called
20th . Tuesday March ,
into they and last . on he put before and 20th , 1.5 they watch hours more they hours the then he will be there will the surgery 2 by icu noon for will
only will the being . 48 being hoping hospital hours he they in
Scott
contracts sheet as draft , term . for requested
next having . change a planning in I week
dad in way on having will . heading my , that Monday being Ft. surgery I Worth so being
accessibility may Worth otherwise , anyway Ft. vacation have have planning on some I challenges not have would but were I I in to which being .
accordingly manage I client . expectations will
Kay
you going . Sunday wedding about mind not the hope changed to doing I you
at the to Museum Fine I the Arts on Star exhibit Wars new plan . Michael of taking
it kids being they showed taken on . and some tv they quite , with
++++++ notice confidentiality +++++
in privileged being confidential may . or and email this information the /
to or by named individual organization only intended . this email above being the reviewed being
the , review if , recipient prohibited information contained email being or dissemination . a the of representative any this notified of that hereby intended its you , or any herein if and being being attachments , you intended recipient not authorized the or copying
the delete immediately please . sender email error you from system if received notify , you have in and email this email by this return
thank you
Kay Mann
04:03 pm 03/15/2001
next in week planning . I change having a
being having Worth in surgery dad so Monday Ft. will , that way heading on being . I my
I . some accessibility otherwise have would not were but I Worth Ft. being in may anyway have on have to challenges I planning , vacation which
manage . will client accordingly expectations I
Kay
planning get since you not being deal involved to being this . I
with you ? ok that being
pm 04:17 03/15/2001
: hosting will call being Plus this Conference
, 2001 the : 22nd March date , Thursday
: the numbers 1-800-991-9019
the : 6871082# passcode
am 10:00 the 11:00 am time CST - :
: the place EB 3143c
turbine purchase the 1 2 agreement subject turbine : and
I call please to free or at you , questions any having problems 713-853-1696 if feel .
you , thank
Leigh Lorie
- but time the . brain that to he carotid blood yes being , it transports this one the artery
deal . stuff kind a bigger
's dad goes you hope I well ! surgery
getting ( problems he this ? the circulatory to being ) having related around ? being
Kathleen
Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:11 pm
Kay Mann
04:03 03/15/2001 pm
planning having week . a next in change I
being I that having surgery in heading being on way . so Worth Monday , dad my Ft. will
in otherwise Ft. would Worth some . were to have challenges have being vacation but I I may have on anyway , I not accessibility which planning
. will manage expectations I accordingly client
Kay
all the , worse " better having " " origination folks or Kathleen " ours for with being heading under the , special development and although development . role a
Kay
- - for . groups see j we e - fyi columns rows 49 53 ;
Kathleen
04:44 pm 03/15/2001
appears the employees information for I some it of regarding a various titles being conflicting hr received . and there reported from
. being groups the that verify you titles in correct please for everyone
. to that changes being make in the red I ones
, thanks
Paula .
I print file that one it size the so . on formatted would legal sheet
file new earlier as the this I . please opposed sent one to use
chart by March org tomorrow for noon . any review the changes and submit attached please
it this the all as to Kitchen titles being file imperative , that accurate Louise including being of and given , . directly attached being the information information John being Lavorato on
thanks ,
. Paula
being revisions here showing . the version
-- Kay
got finally blackline it correctly . to I
here being . it
being ) availability different provision sample . ( attached actually also 2 versions a
- redvepco.doc
- sample.doc
03/15/2001 pm 04:17
will hosting Plus being Conference this : call
, 2001 Thursday the March : , date 22nd
numbers 1-800-991-9019 the :
the 6871082# passcode :
- time : 10:00 am CST am 11:00 the
3143c the place EB :
2 : 1 subject turbine the agreement turbine purchase and
having if call problems 713-853-1696 I any feel or to at questions free you . , please
you , thank
46093 Lorie Leigh
Mann Kay
04:13 02/13/2001 pm
afternoon better ,
revised being you I term from , agreement forwarding original . sheet a development showing revisions version
you we look soon . seeing to forward
thanks ,
Kay
Mexico being Banczak the lawyer who ENA . Peggy handles
am 03/16/2001 09:22
. the Kay I to got e-mail through not doing prior think
project of either being familiar this you with ?
goals Enron or peoples . doing have and have I contact with any we not Mexico no bust / legal the structuring commercial want ENA to
work a services to . want procure Laidlaw to on ( the to engineer ) ENA letter and we project issue project manager ( this support Harry ) tasking Scott Okabayashi engineering
understand project epc Enron a for now Wholesale ABB ENA Mexico this I at / / contracts that having signed with . someone Enron
. in Renee not , the response include so been please you I Alfaro on office todays
JWVS
hello : Janice
to heard . you dad but about being sorry enjoyed recent you e-mail I
it having he health deteriorated though sounds as . significantly
always difficult being times . these
father very I mother 's time as we in and lives die they defining , and ultimately being health watched . watched deteriorate it my a
the we and parents have to such to homes in to thankful can being great privilege have have being but . loving raised have very such
though very SMSU as . having as Eric done sounds well
a he . joining excellent company being
continue education he working I a delighted will also that toward to been he . heard mba
very living we important in so where can . capital , youngest to being valuable it possible they best obtain education as being every being age a person the for intellectual
Buenos Elizabeth being as lasted a youngest . , we youngest the daughters man to family within married Aires to , ten from days we Argentina
in . being they both as met project Aires lawyers they working on while Buenos a
but they they on being . Buenos honeymoon to , currently will being shortly from Miami Florida after moving returning Aires
being . born we this past Thursday sixth grandchild night
. Courtney it wives born and he David son to being we
20 7 boy , little . a oz. being inch 10 lb. , it
granddaughters 4 having 2 three days from grandsons few months . to so now about we a years ranging three down - and
a deal great fun being of they .
. we quite well being doing
to when . " forward Houston Rees " looking Copeland been seeing she I Ginger comes to
have . for delighted Houston you I ever arrange tickets should you to would visit occasion family being you to and
summer great . hope I having a you
Mr. for . thank you you you Lay request speak to for conference recent at
, due being he . not will Lay Mr. unfortunately participate schedule 's to to able
, you again thank
Wells secretary Tori L. executive
hi -
it will one looks to . know you that let day like working just
before to Lay with confirming want check Mr. . I
thanks .
Rosalee
Ken dear ,
3:00 July from on knew - as being 5:30 , 12 meeting Wednesday next , p.m we you .
will , in of we the possible next as we week hope and the paper crystallizes it before issues try around will you so to . we sending through , to the a being to many talked go as discussion meeting which or
, Levitt agreed meet to September we ideas to and we brainstorm Arthur the to with he the some sees sense of they a as also . generated giving in having we issues meanwhile of on have
chairman 5:00 for be a meeting first 8:30 6:30 meeting and parts possible dates - , I there -- the p.m only the , in 6:30 p.m. - being a suggest , dinner which from two among then with panel . three Levitt from
here : dates being the
these you could you possible please for which of let : being know would we
5:00 ___________ 8:30 , - September Thursday pm 14
8:30 25 Monday ___________ pm - , 5:00 September
- September 8:30 pm 27 Wednesday , 5:00 ___________
thanks many ,
Garten Jeff
- , morning better Kitty
enterprise the . " Ken M306 - " to Armada Lay have notebook the would likes portable first the ultra for series designed
what it saying thought and should to have go it equip you with Ken . ahead
he it please lets when know I receive expect . can to
thanks . , Kitty
Rosalee
up here models laptops follow to , the I link the being market the the . commercial consumer will latest on with
series one the . being e500' in lightest the being much M300 the heavier but all the and
http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html
on , where being Lay being Mr. CA unfortunately , 14 , conference in will , participating he San June a Jose in a . speaker
Rosalee Fleming
: ??? re
14 reception June
to reception Charles Miller they held the 5:00 pm a sent you a to hosting invitation recently Wed. and at David Dewhurst being being at Club on Houston Petroleum . which 6/14
. will I you that able hope to being attend that event
make others past real over Bush under have decade in .? the progress Governor and Texas in we leadership the of education
the system even public progress time it . being next education take now we greater to achieved and steps in
officials . approaches Reform Texas education Caucus Education business common elected Texas to being educators improving up the , , finding to of and leaders dedicated in make sense
appreciate 14th . the to the would with opportunity you on I visit
Grusendorf Kent
District 94 State Representative
?
, better to changing use would for Ken so , o.k. . kenneth.lay@enron.com to being this but uniform more we being Lay being address a likely
Everett Group WPO Forum Richard from email test of . " " the being send a this
this know please to use there lets you another received being prefer email we that . messages you return if email , verify we and by that address
thank you .
713/871-5119 Everett Powell executive to assistant Joy Richard
===================================================
being information email this confidential note privileged may and being in . the : legally
or the must if intended read , being disseminate recipient not . the , information use you not you
from , this computer of defect it being its believed to by the use recipient damage free received it in being of to for Development any being its any any free attachments any and opened any or affect it and any being which of responsibility responsibility affiliates email loss that other system might into virus virus Century being or no arising although or accepted the way being and that ensure .
====================================================
for Olson Lay having the Kenneth expense Cindy . approved attached reported
- Mr. hi Katsof
working doing I called todays you that , let I about to someone this . he Lay Mr. for believe but know dates asked either these not ,
sorry .
Rosalee
having winter interest any the Leach . you the Pool lets know swap I Tco for if in -
.04 pool sale and Pool at - . index Leach $ will index I take TCO at or
guys if I not it you could not or can remember . doing
being you told tickets ? I you seeing could deal what
on the please check . speadsheet contracts Tenn 36647 demand
. not being Sitara the spreadsheet matching
thanks ,
Brenda
Pasquallie ,
- spelling , 5 for
po , Cedar Jr 27 Lane Texas W. Germany Don 77415-0027 box ,
truck new being a . it actually not
ton 4 4 Ram Magnum 360 have 4 2500 , , motor 3 miles 33,000 / , . x
. manual camper bed tool 5 , , , , tow stereo seats infinity package liner speed bars nerf , , bucket box
out to one dueled through accent Flow being with converter . oh catalytic Masters , the it sound
!!! race to makes want I
fuel believe as I tolerable well being . the consumption will
Debbie it wanting . , now
I . 16,900 tax $ gave +
and being clean . colors nature , or sandalwood of that in being something very driftwood it
. almost silver
at having pick I over 's gray old to . Jerry up
going being old . my dodge it on saying being I to truck to hard Debbie , sale
saying I than . my , of women have that truck most I have have yep longer
engage to ! brain really I needs before articulating
work to plant dirt doing been before ST by rain and Friday I hope . grass Augustine
one faltering . being thing account on sure , the economy not for being my
Dow . over $ up being 33 stock back
! , hoorah hooray
41 then and to needs . happy I $ being will go to
folks Dad hanging of bunch there saying Gerald . with spoke a be 's I place and he around
place posted the the and we changed signs needs at to lock . gate
heifers steers up . I some put may want to or there
having been going and fixed up tractor soon I the .
Reggie soon paying . saying he we will
still wanting . it also he can to we hold if tractor the on
come . serve , first first
when wedding being ? the
being we 11/01/01 . set for
full on gaze at sure tonight out and you been balcony the sweety . the take moon to
up sure it coming beautiful . being night lasted
to and . blanket watch for the and shuttle space out in we on go lay a pasture the used
being the all if and shuttle have my neck those guys couple hickies burns know . a on after the I day to wanted of
just . jealous
four reassured within will having I . period making and years graduate kids the wonderful she being grades my
she scholarship of not been . sure some sort pays I having how still much it but for
she kinesiologist being to going injury sports being , . a therapist
thought . being I to just wanting able touch football players to she legs
she 11/03 . 20 being will on
she . proud been of I really
up much grown having very Cindy . Jaime saying
been would likes . you to she from heard sure I
jgerma5@aol.com .
been and rate been at . safe , any careful
. shut long pants zipped you have you alright keep to as , will you , mouth as should listened and you you being maw
shucks , to of attention guess we none . that three much paid
, new book out Jeff having a oh Sherrar .
. rise to Rebellion
there . 76 pretty back around dudes cool / were 1774 some
there two saga this . will to volumes be
of writing I sure he style . like
he books always to being hard put . down
the stock there split shares 120 Dow after be .
! you powder keep dry
, yo
bro
Dow
Brazosport ) 2102 Blvd 1 Don 979 238 ( B , W. 979 3611 Jr. home recovery pager , , 0491 Germany 800 451 investment 7034 2301 Texas Freeport N office 0448 77541 548
? being happening what
having you brand I new . truck understand a
being nicest !! must having money
things you 2 . needs I from
wheeler to I over . were to it to the the 4 changed title going I found and name 1 . you
think ? what you doing
title that doing use , on address and I want ok you ? how if name show what being up should you the to
I being to . stock getting 2 ready up . Dow the divy
many you how shares of dad 's doing have ?
send of , , thing . tired being a dollars working I lasted I million
before 3 this , , thought June times we have I most . only cashout at
I remember can not .
. this and not July plant the know years doing like that time August being of most doing of buring it I in this
to just the says Mexico keep . and we going dough I
guys hey ,
deal Oglethorpe ? 2000 from the Dec please you - July 2000 ck would
these to in Sitara be booked ? a being cashout months there for supposed
Oglethorpe . they month over invoicing paid every
extra for not Doug cashout . I that invoiced the I being that told the being believe
thanks
Darla
the phones . get through can not I on
713-853-4743 I call please
Ernie . hey
. checking emails I being my
not I I having and assume need anwser you . you doing
hi , Chris
to this lasted I Mary sent week .
. always quick may out pretty she in because past responds being she the
the I below needs . prices
helped you out ? can
, thanks
Ernie Simien
09:14 08/01/2001 am
Simien sent : by Ernie
hi Mary ,
help you needs I . again
, needs prices and May for July . June , I
thanks ,
on mary.ellenberger@enron.com 04:06:52 05/03/2001 pm
mary.ellenberger@enron.com to please respond
: cc
: subject Z1 : TGPL IF re LA
Mar Feb April 4.98 5.37 6.25 Jan 9.95
on 01:32:35 pm esimien@nisource.com 05/03/2001
hi , Mary
, a . giving , please and Mar Apr Jan price Feb I favour I the 2001 and for doing subject
, thanks
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 12:12 pm
Kay -
Jeff to ( to circulate review language additional or ) policy you ? this can the management risk Hodge please
a been concerned peoples the light , ca giving to essentially regarding in statement curves information blanket . of I access slightly unlimited with
anyway a if they in matter this . audit agreement not may I having that we being address rights knew this the llc right already so
I you know what thought . lets
, thanks
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
am 11:32 10/20/2000
risk policy find latest enovate please . attached the
make section audit we audit . attorneys have revision internal area concerning one rights and xiii language
still be at . home I
being tomorrow I . will in
fax . prefer home , having I though machine you a at , if
the I . sign we can , will and later who Laura or can see you initial we have otherwise at scare can up , office
? prefer doing which you
Kay
office you signature pages initial todays in being ? to the
that will ? , someone being not if there else
knew Portland that . I in Jeff being
Gregg
Mann Kay
10/26/2000 am 11:07
being , Jeff if being happy . I happy
Kay
- hello
regarding language peoples audit spoke with yesterday from rights the I regarding additional Jeff Hodge .
probably the spirit . in that being a initial of and reaction request they reasonable l.l.c been line jointly he owned with
's suggest slight couple a doing . , to interests he revisions however Enron protect
confidentiality a ) to representative that 1 should related that provided ) that . and only will being being information each 2 highlighting enovate agreement sign appropriate designated
language included being in the draft attached . this having
of todays policy , optimistic to goal risk execute . the being however the , my by end
picking blurred being fine activity line passing the . and each up day further getting being dramatically
. asap , know I the with needs any there problems draft written therefore as be to if
revision , we mid will to by morning it I peoples as otherwise . final being sending
thanks . attention this prompt for you to
thanks ,
Gregg
Penman Gregg
10/23/2000 pm 12:12
- Kay
language risk ( this ? can Hodge to please policy to Jeff or additional you circulate management ) the review
of slightly unlimited ca information , a been with to in I peoples essentially giving the . light regarding statement access blanket curves concerned
address in right matter the anyway knew llc being so audit if I this already we not . having rights may that agreement a they this
what you thought lets . I know
thanks ,
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000 11:32 am
policy enovate risk . latest the please find attached
we have language revision internal audit . one rights xiii make concerning audit attorneys and area section
Mary
it someone to initial for anything to it . initial and to not fax complicated it being track they who down get less does and than I know about
initial to , it , print it it want can you and fax whomever I here .
not that initial plus , get comfort with I lawyer of a with Janet she having she instead it so . working a lot some may having , from dealt
conscientious who signs and being she initials about very what what she , .
form the being the form final attached final ?
you ? want whom doing and it where to faxed
thanks ,
Kay
the . pages since better signing first will to probably on being have Janet initials , will the being it it
. fax fine either works someone else or
lets easier know we I which and being . coordinate can
Gregg
Mann Kay
10/26/2000 11:26 am
. still being home at I
I being tomorrow in . will
though fax if I , prefer . you having home at a , machine
, will at up later can initial . you can the can , see office I or otherwise sign have we we and scare Laura who
doing ? which prefer you
Kay
initial you the in ? pages todays being office signature to
? that will else someone being if not , there
I knew that in being . Portland Jeff
Gregg
Kay Mann
am 10/26/2000 11:07
I happy if happy Jeff being . , being
Kay
- hello
the yesterday peoples . with from Jeff regarding audit regarding spoke Hodge additional language rights I
with line l.l.c request he owned initial reaction in and the that they of reasonable . a probably spirit been being jointly
a he to protect 's , revisions Enron interests doing couple suggest however . slight
should that information 1 related appropriate provided sign that representative that ) . will a confidentiality enovate highlighting agreement each ) being designated 2 to being and only
included attached being . draft this language the in having
. the goal todays risk optimistic being of , my by end , execute the policy however to
passing day the being . activity dramatically blurred each being line and further getting fine picking up
if any with needs , written as the . I problems there asap be therefore know to draft
thanks attention for prompt to . you this
, thanks
Gregg
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 pm 12:12
Kay -
Hodge Jeff ) ( language risk can management review please to you circulate policy additional or ? the this to
with regarding I a slightly access blanket unlimited the giving information to light concerned essentially ca peoples . of in been , curves statement
we not . I this address being right in if a they knew anyway already this so the rights having agreement matter that may audit llc
thought I you . know what lets
, thanks
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
am 11:32 10/20/2000
policy attached the please enovate . latest risk find
audit revision concerning area . internal attorneys rights one xiii we have and audit language section make
Mary
now being on . I working it
, review to FCE it ) Enron send tomorrow could morning it then . ( we maybe
can I . 10:00 around meet
. to time for , review can it way get they we that in weekend
working ? does that
Kay
being from it heard to you ! better
. we nicest here a Thanksgiving too have
there beef it being not she elsewise Danelia roasted does being Danelia because joy mom , I roasted usually , , or would ! just not just , likes , so not and and ( funny say the turkey being . that cooking it it would I in it Craig to same being really )
down better being it the girls . having
physically called " african " version a Uno being that new complex times we , challenging played , of at fast Uno . and
not for meek being the . it
it a incredible . being being what Alena player better
everyone . everyone ( you why play can s as see she else ! cards have hands you as well ) when she you else memorized s know will
to I because want he . place mom it doing expect see not being messy Craig
being apartment , he he my about I to embarrased compared thought house .
much there geted then he being , fit stuff doing to also right so . being in going , now I baby stuff he not , know that how
they a renewed lease small month apartment 3 lease he month in not giving they 6 he lasted peoples he only when want would . doing because that
start for have going to looking place being . so he another to
new to down back mom the March sometime . I being guess see baby going or to in April come
you visit . out will my to to house come have new check
" pretty being upstairs neat guest the " suite .
pretty geted , own cozy bathroom its and it tv being . being and
from as call voice being I told . the he as to not Ben if , with could goes by he far thrilled uncle I heard
. a we conversation both of for it being pretty stilted
, start I , a guess being it ... but
my I have planning . make already XMAS
the the leave of about . , in comes leave pm 21st evening am 27th of I morning 6 flight 10 my and at the , the
it being . better with chatting you
touch keep in !
kyle.jones@radianz.com
pm 05:07 11/29/2000
Tana ,
email a in I meant ? " " not what log you , understand doing doing by
got , I thing already got Series although , and World having received ( messages the I you anyway I
best job being done that I Ben swell not have for I getting Chris I I goning and testify heads ) one ever they doing have that , can a Thanksgiv8ing Thanksgiving of ( marvelous not dinners told , they it na . the want
being as as C . a she , ma Houston D in great happy time see saying well she , have & to yourself
she room special thought you I she house in likes .
botn first new not the baby see being if the on ) being gets to wierd na it ? you goning Jan 5th woud baby ( being the
ma why he appartment ? doing show Craig not
about ? ocnversation almost ( unlce think doing with Ben ) you you being shocked what he phone
coming being for you Xmas ?
for gotten . go now ta
love . ya
Kyle
====================================================
Harrison Jones technical Kyle ) engineer solutions (
====================================================
( ) 212 email +1 the 212 Americas York of 7th ( 859-7187 Avenue floor phone : +1 : ( USA 917 cell kyle.jones@radianz.com ) Radianz +1 , New 10016 : 899-4425 899-4310 fax ) 1251 NY :
====================================================
at we page " http://www.radianz.com web see
====================================================
| >----------------------------------------------------------------------------| >----------------------------------------------------------------------------| |
, Computer you log not in to hey email can , a ?! Mr. you sister
kyle.jones@ra
return receipt
01:00:51 being / : in : : question at World / US Equant you / documents AMERICAS received pm Jones todays by Series Kyle
Milligan off these you emails again take can my Taffy assistant .
! thanks
pm 04:49 11/29/2000
gcp being . with responses the for approvals gcp in signoffs red on attached 11/29/00 eol marked
Patel Adnan
pm 04:31 11/29/2000
regards ,
bd
the referenced being attached . agreement
lets know being with information ok you if notice . I the
Craig countersignature it bring will by to it , I Breslau , signed . todays so for then get if you
what you title thinking , about ? that being
w/o to ... not authority sign being the special having documents I you authority sure
meant . it , does no not that
defaults Enron " defaults those a Enron a the would adding under all other with entities " agreement specified a making financial only entities under transaction . this
being ever any swap that a we as related component . concern a transaction doing to a trigger which not want under a loan defaults trading having we defaults
Richard Sage
am 11/30/2000 10:52
place agreement put meant ECCL separate in does , if to for need a we the ? entities adds not that doing that all you would
the under , into we remaining DB likes trading structured under transactions as agreement " Deutsche one would trades potentially adds isda doing Enron a having DB to with roll the credit up ( Bank to entities the respect specified agreement loan ) could hesitant with entities and issue all under being master , to isda , defaults "" DB we this swaps we as so somewhat .
in DB to credit to supposed the Bill about . credit peoples and issue remaining being talked this Sara Bradford
First respect so working look to from we we 11/8/00 which being being , sending form to they Bank that Union the of review for with agreed agreement draft they old current . being to on at National
in we groups Sara paralegal that , Bailey on . working being another with Susan
O'Connell Denis
06:05 11/22/2000 am
- Tana
on isda of on you negotiating with I you update being being the the Enron giving counterparties behalf entity confirm which please can a where . following in and negotiations the you of
, tks
Denis
National First Bank Union
Bank AG Deutsched
own authority I but being you authority being Taylor as not and you execute a to signing measure on we doing as control long only about authorized . Mark documents you documents spoke by co-signing officer have , a to that as signed he ok agrees , you the
, , Susan Joe
' as this , I correctly counterparty entered can # assess referenced counterparty we can being know being let the what new . you the so counterparty ' tagg please exposure a
, thank you
Russell
yourself , there hey
you written . keeping a updating while I to guys sorry you properly in have not
my Seoul going . and at the think being same flights time checking been I not doing to I as on exactly parents to go indeed
probably planned for they we as than as be what things figured they you fun I doing have different some . much , would
. at he , although ) we ( for this Ted busy being peoples well things not have seeing as still I two being all week going very
laid . back you Saturday formal about that , not quite stage great , hit but we ... thought etc dates knew have and have so lasted comfortable day I a
great harder , sense things lot to being also makes one it but in . it read a
well told thought it and being meet to Kathy my Travis got I going sure guys anyway I mom and . , he you but
if can December to when and we visit Chuck hopefully come , . , meet dating you being still you back come he
gang prepare the go the as Wild being games to properly on of at U.T. wanting . / out games having find as I for planning the Card he when Parks dragging a he ) least , ( Scott / Kelley and that being - affair to day I he / full well U.T. to one just
warm being things better Houston and in . definitely
it she see I going wonderful musical lasted " to " with and mom Rent night being and the . Emily
I Hoot the weekend for , 's . Labor also daughters Diego Day to visit to San out being going Julie
very excited needless say to I been .
, talk soon to guys you
Susan
girlie , hey
? doing you how being
have heard a from in . you while not
told you that tickets for checking birdie Seoul into being a little . I
being really ? you
come ? separately would you you parents with or
we more any in doing better to , having if ( . have to ) some some doing some about case you shopping what , and exploring have time ideas come so we
or you China going ( whole we Korea during that I , being take a will will of part minutes ) but thing parents and which thought when come , somewhere . the stay actually only base Thanksgiving doing few considering to in
! coming doing if want you will still whatever being want you we
lets also with we Ted the going and know with . being what in on Houston latest
take care ,
Chris
__________________________________________________
yahoo! you ? doing
alerts email Yahoo! messages with & . get Messenger send instant
http://im.yahoo.com/
Tonto , the Lone but - the trusty ( - D silent Ranger a.k.a to case the hey , this kick in ) Big or side
been . received and play I well the very thought better
the away saw in NY songs I being blown I some having by the it forgotten . time of first I how
really the poignant most thought being pull incredibly could the I ( to to . a have having few calling numbers off cast you voices ) members this of powerful true
day Jeopardy of love run play the after I the ) third to come office job I . Corey ( yes here the 's , have my night lasted at ! caught back ... I
a but , being she being anyway I sure yes girls I it very before . smart mentioned having
on done ( thesis that playing by absolutely Pursuit . of detract from result trivia occasions managed the she on of my as enjoyment the or years she actually senior girls , watching ) having over Trivial a to I Jeopardy several obliterating
to introduced night lasted lasted the we time going . at and herself failed so told steaks since doing saw you night she Kori I I
spell being very you such a - she right let in the name that you spelling morning she it not know being though . I offended common I email this mean that doing should
there lasted or so just to ? doing night Darren would she match think being a they you meet making better
. girls very she being a fun
you off day 30 to well a the without hitch that going being and hope going move .
better meetings with luck " of . all the fun "
Shorty
yesterday about worry with response to the lack of test ... success to due the -- I , beginning being you road
that being not to to it I . doing get you going around assume
Noble Ted
am 08/17/2000 10:05
? the being play how
11:30 the Jeopardy came on it saw other night you I but you I that I you almost to told called re-run . on a at and friend forgot
girls smart .
at Darren a this into . Corey s for I thinking and been I night ran LW being girls lasted
todays anyway fun meetings of lots , .
to talked will I . you later
sentiment of ... I ignore the the maybe quote sent earlier you should
faithfully may . to thought I being it too adhering you
to may shirt to things to doing remind you pinning this notes to start at you we . have rate
several confident being occasions you with on driven test feel you pass flying , . to the I colors will having however with able
established failing keep , mind as you up will a I forget that of ( we though . I elephant and the memory ) you , in having it not if end let have
and just minimum will keeping discussion things a . of well 32 on to being I say that I
now what back . important to really being ... you
Dixie and you about coming you being and down needs Dec. that the it street at to back from ... performing all Chicks would thought to Houston Center the being . Compaq will 12 know likes you you the just
Ted Noble
08/16/2000 am 10:56
aaaaaggghhhhhh ...
drivers rode I on that to s take exam I written out . found the and the both needs TX just
license day I and this two because a expire all being my let process CA .
of skills . I needs I you organizational knew some
get run moved try not I better ( . 30 the may I test fail take ) out I it to this while to and afternoon
how about enough life lets about you being I more on well talked that 32 being 's -- todays .
in doing to nothing having fun not ; lots being being to there in pleasure and doing the it no doing . having
Mary Little -
Bowen Bob
07/14/2000 pm 03:58
note " the that out " no to paying requires version we Tuesday the premium on !
gilbergd@sullcrom.com
02:18 pm 07/14/2000
disclosure issue cost direct deal the as being following regarding discussed , access we revised with the to :
assist t1 lines in of " of , the arranging other to internet . a connection means , EnronOnline access access will , users " as or for request direct EnronOnline alternative upon to
access more access users enable might connections possible being EnronOnline quickly . direct access internet currently through to than
if call . discuss want you please to
a weekend . have better
e-mail being being firm may privileged and information confidential and contains this by a . sending that law
not delete the , immediately notify you . please if being e-mail we the recipient intended and
doing we along least being this can pass . news the
told anyone we there being should else ?
Ted Bockius > < ted.bockius@ivita.com
02:21 pm 07/17/2000
serious condition in . ... fyi like Bobby sound being it
, thanks
Sharon
he into and emergency send they update being out once we will I room another of .? thought a
Ben being .? below address the being Taub to out then .? to call find real it numbers easy room a
visitors like can does not . yet it he receive sound
. A
heads thanks .? up the for
the address ?? doing send you know to cards
know see ?? if Bobby doing can visitors you
folks to the some would here . know of likes
thanks ,
Sharon
thought . to know you might likes
f > marketing > 281-518-9526 < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < Cornell : 281-518-1081 : amy.cornell@compaq.com mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com p CPCG Amy Compaq
phoned , this and this to pass Riggins morning Bobby the , I . information concerning groups to asked Jann
he a members while a members of being of injured being cycling weekend , .? team team bicycle other truck by , and a he this Bobby
.? injuries others death and the one with there been groups the major injured in
with those major being injuries Bobby one of .?
Ben emergency Hospital in room being the at .? Taub currently he
being Ben Houston Loop Taub Texas .? located 713-793-2000 phone hospital Taub numbers , , at , 1504 :
flowers room , being time not this emergency calls accept .? visits can , in he at or since the he
update available as a soon , as e-mailled being . will being one
prayers in you , keep he . team they and Bobby members families
Rosario mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com 281-514-3183 administrative CCA-15 assistant < > rosario.gonzales@compaq.com Gonzales , 150301 < , > mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com 153b09 ESSG
application I guess since near having ( a internal Travis ) file and it being copyright thought patent should the taken the ideas lawyer the - the better equivalent where he being have will notice idea the application of size being words so looked and being care better and . appropriate placed feel would provisional I on roughly who for
07/17/2000 06:15 pm
Mark ,
EnronOnline pages . of thinking patent adding pending a key we like being ) messages the ( to homepage
/ comments offer / ? guidelines concerns can you
Dave
from making a participating for to sense Aires it you up meeting ? set does Buenos we with
I told you much to not being not if - but . does have would sure being to I new report actually I , I at we having this doing sure that stage fine being anything they with
07/17/2000 pm 04:28
myself planing of Thursday being on and . Friday to this in week Hoston and being Michael
eol intend possible as implementation as . peoples see we many to regarding
he among Forster meet and others will team . we Dave
or would . to you groups a meeting fit we as likes with a individually
and . one more being if of place than availability to please you know you meet I lets in one possible with about it
thank you
fyi
pm 02:34 07/17/2000
further background :
intend even press given ahead etc , about the to concern . Argentina taxes
. - being around mailings will to we mid-August sometime sending meaning they launch Sept. to 1 wish on need
Dave
Leonardo Pacheco
07/17/2000 08:50 am
, Mark
on stand eta know and were Argentina pa the just wanted ? for to we
for you help ! thanks
Leonardo 39938 Pacheco ext.
committee termination amounts a the , the will about markets that . we from being new energy a proposal more particularly for to thought I ( you there it Amsterdam needs if documentation alternative in calculating for heard ) attractive being
if know you can but Pickle not want Bob from I doing any not heard developments Amsterdam find . since I ) have I this out stands officially where (
Mark E Haedicke
am 07/18/2000 08:58
we CFTC , overview developments definitions and in ISDA should a re energy America of matters power include North deregulation energy .
I physical items about might the . EEI and form trading a power few adds international also developments
I slides been 4 . the at thinking most
being you ? want that what
Mark
plan current :
the back return working ( and through going ) the days we leave after 3 we work Oct. to on away day 21 Sept. : you assuming day
9 work days
pm 6:00 Houston 20 Wed. leaving - around Sept.
early to transfer , - to a.m. arrv. Thur. 21 Nice London Sept. flight
? noon around - arrv. Nice
cars rent ) to ( less away drive hotels first collapse 1 than ; & hour
- Fri. Monaco Nice , stay visit hotels same in 22 ? , Sept.
Sept. mid - drive Nice afternoon through other Tropez St. in - towns 23 & check - coastal , , to Cannes Sat.
Sept. St. Sun. Tropez - 24
Sept. Tropez St. - 25 Mon.
drive cars , , returning to - Paris Tue. Sept. Nice fly to 26
- Sept. Wed. 27 Paris
Thur. 28 Fontainbleu Paris side Sept. - trip or versailles ( - ) half day
side Paris - - - / 3 gardens ( trip Monet 4 Sept. ) 29 's Fri. day Giverny
Paris 30 Sept. Sat. -
London - late Oct. ) Eurostar by Sun. 1 arrv. to in Paris - train ( probably afternoon afternoon London -
2 meetings Oct. ( Mon. for CLH ) - London
London around around Houston 3 arrv. lv. Oct. - ) Tues. to noon pm 4:30 , ( fly
. Taylors there making Mark to confusing more even , two matters be
you . Mark to the to London believe at I messages ) the based EI forwarded I belongs Taylor in (
the can , being attachment problems not to messages . seems ) unfortunately a to you I with ( there forward he directly
you it , if you it EI.London still " having to ? can send Mark " he at Taylor
it I will of take care .
reminder thanks . the for
ladies ,
Acrylics a Ineos being enclosed worksheet for .
US Ineos its which being english the company . in having operations a a of majority
macs but credit $ US designated that thresholds in british in being pounds the note . being , the
Black . he draft cp the forward to send please will and the to Troy
well as I deliver to please a copy .
great a . have weekend
Max
>> : ineos.xls file <<
Robbi :
you mail Friday I on a left . voice
not and few some have I at should threshold for were have a questions , as being wrong the comments we defaults . -- the aud being there , cross such I master UEComm and we name and $ looking US other
Marie
, hi
master attached final being 's Uecomm comments to the . agreement
the latest / r. w 's John Anthony . having ok'ded request t. Suttle csa
I John you to executable David version send ? a , , tomorrow the of please Fred could contracts and
soon be it execute they to any , ok it would we with as unless if there being . possible as objections likes
thanks
Pat
, Pat
find . attached please Enron agreement master the
Uecomm have . I requested company of as inserted the details
. in also timeframes amended credit annex support the of days I 10 2 to have instead days the
3 2 clauses . ( & )
for all have tracked reference I . ease changes of
can you these amendmnets if being execution please arrange you print and to agreeable for .
. questions to having I not doing giving please call you any hesitate a if
regards ,
575 3067 mob. 4101 126 ) ph. fax. Sill , ( . 0417 03 legal counsel 03 Limited 9221 4193 Crescent Uecomm 920 ) Abbotsford ( VIC Trenerry Anthony 9221
sound . up turn a bit you
reminder :
with . at conference in EB 's office ConEd 3801a - Sara call todays 1:00
Nick :
ENA and C.V further Mexicana draft Deemed ISDA Ispat de form handling . you the attached between S.A. being for
being omitted note provisions that have please economic . the
else lets or please you anything if I . know questions having any needs
Marie x33907
Tana :
info being on . here Elliotts the
Marie
congratulations !!!!!!!
asking have if being " if anyone . everyday we heard " having Elliott having arrived the Babies
being all that being , to being and heard . mom doing they well glad healthy and better size that a
to of look forward ones . the little seeing pictures
I all to you with being . so they have fun going knew much
being not will , hope for much getting you you a being like up have sleep it storing cause while . looks
, again . congratulations
ones but find little will soon being a three these how I dad nicest they . such not being they , doing have to out lucky realize sure
take care
Marie
gentlemen and ladies ,
on we know to being just you , , week let Friday July that 34 to this at : gave triplets birth 6th Emma
pm 4 oz James at 3 - 12.45 - lbs Benjamin
- Toby 4 - lbs William 12.46 pm
12.48 Hannah - 3 . - oz lbs May pm 15
and being small two they very care " being properly well the they until they to level " all they in maintain fully another ) probably although in weeks and . four of will and can functioning feed special they being weights - , ( there for lowest
, too very fine Emma well !! - being
regards and kind all best the
Mark
oops !
each you sent the . pages cover the Nylon Deemed being Polykron ISDAs attached and I of for fax just
Marie
Rebecca :
I resolutions opening and of been . attaching a the proposed accounts blacklined authorizing version of clean brokerage the
. I revise to to making attempted they have they clearer
with can be more the Corp. they Enron . familiar they way Armogida he than we I drafted been sure being Jim resolutions revising in likes perhaps as assist
anything else having know . needs any questions if or I lets you
x33907 Marie
bit you turn up a . sound
: , hi Liz
thanks !
Marie
senior Marie Heard specialist legal
Marquez Ms. :
to Ortiz for of form Pemex you regarding status up . the provided of that I the Lucy guaranty been to comments we following
hesitate Leite or with to either Francisco - Pinto I not or please questions doing . contact comments any
hearing to look you forward we comments .
legal Heard Marie senior specialist
Ms. : Marquez
we of and being original form reflect , you attached copy a guaranty . of which blacklined comments
( questions - , contact ) Leite . senior or either Francisco ; with hesitate comments 713/345-7942 to francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com or not doing any counsel I please Pinto
you you thank for . assistance
Heard specialist legal senior Marie
Tanya :
Niagara Mohawk received for . Inc. , draft review this we I Marketing from
you ? pass to will appropriate the person along
thanks !
Marie
Marie -
proposed the of above and to 13 afternoon attached the the per schedule drafts yesterday relative we being para. conversation , .
Goldmann of , there Holdings place m and : $ b Marketing spoken / one f I 2 8 / / , o Enron . advised f with be that Niagara by guaranties / having b o Inc. one the sum Enron Mohawk Dennis Niagara by in currently Mohawk Energy each in Inc been
but will respective departments been the have $ effect credit to 10 for to raise lines guaranties accordingly that , to each we m . the I to modify that told we credit existing want party
as lets , . know this if you I being well understanding
up have send there , a to draft - can have the after . please concerns attached I you the we review from and marked we discuss chance
. call free to I should you have , feel questions any
can reached 315-460-3344 being I . at
who concerns Dennis at discussed Goldmann reached credit can . 315-460-3349 , being can any being with
hearing from to look you forward I .
Snyder Patty
Marie hi
doing you ena that this gtc' chance can those for ? forward a to you get find way
. , thanks I knew being busy you
Tracy
Jeff :
13 master agreement the with support attached annex credit paragraph schedule . the to the , ISDA to ISDA be together draft
I as worksheet been soon the on sent this the messages you I as putting machine credit . fax to
. any else needs lets I know or anything having questions if you
x33907 Marie
, everyone hi
the , would explained to he liquidations daily #'s make adjustments p&l somehow making being to I phone of the regards he nothing to done making in got and how with just basis end right a to day month just p&l out adjustment working on Hai because incorrect I but a also being told day . the would this being still if
does for ) ( certain that at basis portion of working and this month making out June for on a doing ? will not and a should forward July adjustments we anything and assume end just meant everything going
June if this adjusted see to the on . for in walk there not out to order working as swing being case really likes June numbers being if that through larger second a I the themselves would doing 29 I been someone
lets you of doing this if one know could helped I . I
Karim .
couple a having evidently for aware being now , . problems this of White months a Stacey that of
messed there having up delta for coding liq the and change make valuing . somehow been position a the the this in
John
, , John Karim
at closely now problems . liquidation looking option I the being
that a this . problems sign causing might - issue whole flipping that being there be I for believe puts
will . you posted keeping I
... the likely explanation question this - other you Karim being to
having will todays back info I to hopefully later you ( as soon get ) more as I
it 713 Houston Networks Meira 345-3436 ) Marcelo ( L. - developer sr Enron , TX
11608 Calgary for being I . at the looking post been id
and also all being 65 the looking the in in liquidation being $ $ the money puts reported of 75 option the money I the and been . call at
liquidation month not liquidation positive ) all the the values being the negative a ( puts should ? for beginning from representing the of
call the being valuing liq . for correct the
John
Karim ,
take end for want adjust s . wait let 's 29 , till numbers to since 2nd puts order month relates let not , into it valuing now July doing June that to June the the and I
, hi everyone
because and out just Hai end making to the p&l adjustments basis nothing he on this right explained make still phone being would but p&l also told day month just to I got the . would with I he a in liquidations making if being being #'s incorrect of doing day regards daily the somehow to a adjustment , working how to
assume that and doing for working June anything everything going should will a forward ? certain and portion just meant basis at month out and on making this not end July ( we does ) a for adjustments of
. that likes if someone for I being being a the numbers I June doing June case larger not in on as walk the to themselves adjusted second if see working would to order there swing been through really 29 this out
one if lets this you . doing I I of helped know could
. Karim
for evidently that months of having now , aware of being . White couple a this problems a Stacey
for messed a the and somehow up liq the change in having delta make valuing this there been coding . the position
John
, Karim , John
the being at . liquidation looking I closely now option problems
sign whole a - might be flipping issue puts problems this . I there believe that for causing being that
posted will I . you keeping
- likely being Karim the ... other this you question to explanation
get I I info you as back will soon todays as more later to ( hopefully having )
) L. Houston sr Marcelo Meira it TX Networks 713 345-3436 - , developer Enron (
. at post being Calgary id 11608 the I for looking been
the of the being $ also the call money in all and 65 option in reported the 75 looking the $ liquidation I money . been being and at puts
puts the being the negative the all representing of for positive month beginning the not liquidation liquidation values from ) ( ? a should
. liq the valuing for the call correct being
John
with can some individually time a you time prior , I attend that due to meet later appointment at to unable
- gotten I ! have now I ok , you that lunch free been attention really offering
18 to 11:45 informally , - with you at likes ( talked would you am on experience about recruiting with Wednesday max 1:00 Canada . I together July ) pm Enron get to
and we up . helped recruiting and best improved what / in 2001 you process campaign experience what being can 02 will we being gearing for works we we define thought we
this time not schedule in , for able over Toronto those I you you of lunch being ! to apologize for
grab , to eat , if and can pm 2:00 til something and wait ahead it however go ! expense you
in you hook by videoconference guys we . will
have . videoconference room booked I 1 #
know can . can so please attend not or lets order whether enough I I you food
!! thanks
ok being should
. a confirm you 2:00 and meeting associate ( kindly Thursday p.m. time for Toronto recruiting attend ) to July availability , at scheduled p.m. 4:00 analyst 26th
should than . this take meeting not more one hour
. office being Toronto video will conferenced in the
regards ,
Nella
I to lets take before been Fri as that s try off day , planning
draft with earlier . revised Fagan week the this call attached being reflects we that Bob paper conference
time I Fri a 20 discuss Fagan Bob . call to confusion / on areas may conference having Calgary we any at concern with July of you propose have 1:00 pm
working confirming also . which who agreed upon via cost responded I not assume you those the responsibility acceptance to of terms of four have this email you would we tca on the companies have for to ,
letter you I this on sent to attached the May 10 originally regard being . in
regards ,
Rob
, Rob
we day the discussed the during changes this reflects other we . call draft
changes included . a redlined draft have showing I also
, regards
Bob
no
hi John ,
to alternative ? 5 , we , to ) being planned propose for years b article ( with going to reference 5.1 tau a next outage section
, thanks
Mike
> " Katie < " kaplan@iepa.com Kaplan
10/27/2000 pm 06:20
kaplan please to respond
: greetings
on California Morgan Governor the , , Thursday Davis 2000 7 Sacramento House hosting Gray December Julia IEP being dinner at for in will historic . a
20,000 100,000 will raise will 10,000 depending ( person contributions ) company $ k to minimum $ being per targeting . $ 10 we so respondents from numbers at per of - person $ least range the on
companies 3 received from commitments have already firm we .
soon attending . interested possible please in e-mail you as being as if I
respond formal who those will invitation to a follow .
no on Monday by . responses needs direction cob 2000 30 later than , , we or October
. contact any please I questions with
you , thank
policy 916 of manager ( 448-9499 Kaplan IEP Katie )
. congratulations
that you joining pleased . everyone being being extremely
and working looking luck to very together of much best . forward
, best
Jeff
when will see I believe it . I it
keeping to . idea Hoecker seems better right on Nov. the a Co. heat like 1 up until &
thanks .
up follow post-call well Friday chats on based . as gotten pushing in and on want they - glad being the some afternoon follow to ) I Steve being with have I it ( I with have I - up have folks
's lets regroup on . Monday
being you in will but call Portland can . I
, best
Jeff
Jeremy jermeier@earthlink.net > Meier <
am 10/29/2000 11:48
Jeff :
. rest instructive of and on have , fyi call al Friday conference et we with Robbie a the Sue
could to use face Steve some 's at they point . help indicated they face
certification on additional having and couple case we a being language I - and self up , following if with Sue law you items . and , legal MSA know lets Robbie issues
final then tariff at CPUC file await we on the the and can . approval language
know works schedule you I lets for . what
Friday , also correct can for Rossi you names , folks those Melissa 's confirm , addresses ? Michelle , email , Robbie new on titles call the : Lloyd
thanks .
Jeremy & Blumenfeld Meier Cohen
SF review Cal being being Markets attached speaking talking . Thursday you the at I points for Energy draft conference in for on
appreciated suggestions being etc. . all comments , ,
. thanks
participate likes , yes I . to would
thanks .
. a thanks million
then talk . you to
pm 03:48 10/31/2000
for ! info being -- in calling here the thanks
Lara
Angie Buis
10/31/00 02:17 pm
the the follows - as 11/2 be : meeting in a.m. and call numbers for instructions 8:30
everyone will free dial the 1-877-331-6867 toll numbers .
they outside code which all access . prompted , enter participants 600-480 being to the being will
dialing will Wayne you code 857-771 , room toll free ) the ( access being 4434 . after numbers
access the need else and , assistance and I outside for may have . ports should to operator so in they 4 without anyone join doing with asked code
the call the . 3.5 being of duration hours
up having once terminate will everyone the . call hung
information needs lets please you . I any if know additional of
. thanks
- EBS x-37097 Angie Buis Tax
Strategy for the appendices documents thirty settlement in the signatories Industry attached the the , review Natural by todays settlement Gas the , that Gas / being .? Restructuring copies being to settlement comprehensive , comprehensive the itself being of documents of that motion the approval settlement and the you proceeding including for settlement comprehensive supported filed various to
included declarations have , not pages because not electronically this numbers signature a the with they being of being note available yet and .?
including the shipped , mail signature hard to US via pages all being on copies comprehensive declarations list .? of settlement and all the , parties tonight services being
next I know printed should will many you day needs they how copies - lets copies being I available . and all you to available within so making just of or the additional
.? all in of to who would likes settlement participated I thank parties this the process
- spirit time devoted of preparation it .? you and have this the resources documents shows and , in all considerable
settlement , aggregators industrial the we customers commercial and having others marketers ratepayer marketers wholesale includes ,? , , , customers a companies .? , , storage ,? that , suppliers electric producers generators gas , , mass independent and , before , among commission providers municipalities pipeline utilities shippers advocates retail now ,
ready turn of while accomplishment testimony being we should task to the must we by we May proud of we , now deadline getting .? 5
have later already week being schedule this call to I assignments conference a make and will details related .? discuss
resting we laurels so on for much .?
. for a all accomplishment outstanding once , again you thank
- ld2d-#69366-1.doc
ld2d-#69345-1.doc -
- ld2d-#69397-1.doc
- ld2d-#69396-1.doc
ld2d-#69377-1.xls -
- ld2d-#69381-1.doc
ld2d-#69366-1.doc -
- ld2d-#69336-1.xls
- ld2d-#69334-1.doc
- ld2d-#69345-1.doc
Borenstein Severin
( director Way www of http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei borenste@haas.berkeley.edu professor Berkeley ( : ) : Channing policy and email of ) p business 2539 University CA f School , U.C. public Institute , ( E.T. 707-885-2508 Berkeley Business http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste ) Haas p 510-642-5145 94720-1900 CA administration Grether Energy California 94720-5180 510-642-3689 of
on being Thursday . a at of a talking will draft my a attached SF I for afternoon in CEM conference rough on points being panel
have ( , plus western to too ga for you have comments thought may distributed ) team and some Steffes .
for puc " " priorities , panel . topic
fact ) being and goal ) to deregulate 2 continued in move command ? basis 1 on Carl ideology refute solely to Loretta clock and ' based California control Woods back Lynch no ( ) and turn politely that 's 's to the solution . regulation being - to with - the assertions being
likely somewhat tomorrow alter to . being the order FERC the points
appreciated comments . being much
, best
Jeff
: Chris
thought presentation and I as spoke discussed that . Thursday to better we and , Laird for go we yesterday the being
the update for week S.D. numbers make we offer lasted we to will the to need .
that . you want might you mentioned a to shaped having include product
? you it considering still
likes changes we and this and at lets you any would we making , it adds end making other know can . to
flight into southwest my S.D. at . on gets at 8:35
, best
Jeff
Sandi and renewable actually sez at it being am 10 - . happening being focused it
Forster David
03/08/2000 09:45 am
fyi
Justin dear
to asked to Marly respond . you I
, as and used companies now you . knew many by online being suffix the purely descriptive
owners to its prevent others therefore , way word online you registration . it not the incorporates that mark from will a using the trade online as the use word in that suffix any enable
services having you if line being given ONLINE ) as which ( would you unnecessary - that that another , core word offer you , the ENRON words for ENRON above well protection covers the application . the on the say for I activities as adequate probably
services particular a if registered the for logo that - however should . line being , use on , you
. above being I the clear hope
Day Jonathan
, Marly
to I on this could if , respond thanks you request
Justin
Paul Goddard
08/03/2000 11:35
quick can I to of . a one you call giving discuss
being I @ x37047 .
. thanks
we with etc. " already being tm EnronOnline . ) more protected affords just protection extent anything we with proceeded Enron I ( " , but , believe to some
trademarks why being to 's " everything I McDonald assume this ? akin Mc "
David Forster
01:50 08/03/2000
, Paul
to call trademarking giving ? you please I discuss can a
Enron we with we a word i.e. " " proceed being ? covered if
. e.g. EnronEAuction :
register EnronOnline it , necessary being ? covered if being then we to
, thanks
Dave
____________________________________________________________
this messages being confidential .
also immunity . otherwise rules product by or legal work be may other privileged it protected or
please from mistake lets system have reply received . anyone delete and copy its or ; should it to you messages not you we by contents if by know the then disclose you it
____________________________________________________________
. Singapore countries and , Belgium Republic Denmark non-approved : the the Portugal following this , with to Croatia , we Poland , list moving , Romania Austria conversation Slovenia morning , per , , being my Edmund , , Czech
change this being , now . list reflect updating the below to
Belgium Portugal the not , Scotland Slovenia Ireland , , : , Italy , Czech Republic to Canada jurisdictions being , , approved , Singapore Romania credit which Gibraltar France , derivatives Croatia , , trade , , , , Netherlands Poland Austria and Spain , . Denmark include ,
jurisdiction incorporated in , and branches it jurisdiction branch may U.S. being ) for a a i.e. located of they non-approved approved trade to out . ( for possible in a banks U.K.
being would determined case to a basis by on this case . have
be I changes know this to if lets please list there any .
by Cappelletto : Nella sent
Alberta , Act otc commodity should British ( ) yes with Ontario the ) qualified Securities derivatives adds Securities ( party and Securities Columbia . and or and Act of / requirements Act ) ( we contracts compliance ,
, thanks
Peter
review eligible , adds needs participant to of we the to " we with this new with swap comply equivalant to " not provinces list canadian ? we annual doing want rules laws regard of
Molly Harris
03/08/2000 05:37 pm
for find responses credit 3/8/00 eol please . attached 's
regards
Molly
the best ! you being
deals to it being always my why have does ...?!!!
April at Feagan have invitation personal . boil a Garden 5:00 received in to NYMEX the we at 3926 on crawfish at 3 a Heights
this gas anniversary . celebration 10th futures the of contracts cause of the the nat being
Arnold being attend if could and would nicest Shankman John it .
... a giving invitation they can personal perhaps you
so rep confirm Gas executed representation the to adds . , we we not amendment Gas by have doing have received ISDA canadian BC every the which the the to into BC , securities master adds
rep , with this difficulties will the not BC the confirms much in having . sign Gas and caused
by signed still count I as needs . to BC going being Gas , we to signed it but signed , since been having it ECC
to it asap signed you I and back get can .
thanks . much
2 dated have executed WeatherTrade agreement the with received amendment subscription we , 2000 March . the , to Inc.
subscription the subparagraph amendment ( to amends fee transaction the c schedule the . in ) of this referenced fee agreement
copies distributed being will .
, having file changes updating to reference updating this time Susan & not because ! , mergers blue it B. name another
Tom panel probably they some doing , cpies referenced first appears because you see . on the button it list and the on freeze have at you not missed
doing down . clicked and until popped either on button up I not I the they
and . show you unfreeze , panel I the minute a call come around I will you giving to having I a and when how will
understanding derivatives confirms all Edmund spoke on he doing for . what I doing scoop out to get he confirms saying being current that of being the London that and being credit going the will we on , to being to of the
to communicated Bowen Bob I . that
also credit with the derivatives being to 120 that saying being he . to peoples going business London hiring deal
! wow
will ? you , Carol handle Mark or this
Tori Kuykendall
pm 03:51 03/09/2000
mark - hi
with being electronic trader we one i have issues desk on a trading . gas the customers agreement my west of and some
being Arco attached the on Products company . being comments adn , the they file
you looked update a at giving and this could . take I a
thanks .
have ARCO online promised 's I suggested agreement trading , attached revisions . as Torrey the to Enron
this thorny and satisfactory a forward of I area agreement toward new working . look to mutually contracting e-commerce in
Dave
see eta_revision0307.doc : ( attached file )
- eta_revision0307.doc
as . received master we , to first agreement dated December isda of have the executed 1 amendment 1999
the to amendment this representation adds the Securities Act British . Columbia master
. distributed copies will being
adding to you : rep the can stopped the confirmation confirms now . desk
Molly Harris
03/09/2000 05:39 pm
eol find credit attached 's 3/9/00 responses for . please
, regards
Molly
. list here with the counterparties missing being the
Harris Molly
03/08/2000 pm 05:37
attached for . find eol please 3/8/00 credit 's responses
regards
Molly
! yeah
probably ...
whole and time this the a tell they got and list counterparty having week I australian power just approve to a trade financial to from . call Frank whole Dave I I
need to I talked about will Monday you . this to
off Monday , guys hey ! take
Molly Harris
04:28 03/10/2000 pm
having . 3/10/00 for eol please responses credit note no
regards
Molly
Mike Jordan
am 04/04/2001 09:27
for the Metals . please Merchanting update attached find recent most
. and efforts the planned summary manual in schedule systems being substantiation behind changes
you additional I contact require information any if please
Mike
Jordan Mike
03/04/2001 16:29
for values of in timely and on a attached and see obsf robust email provide tonnage been and sheet position creditor of intercompany the balances metal and earlier to efforts brand of account ) a substantiation process , the actions location mtm update the transactional documented barclays total forward reconciliation a intention and ( balance spread stock my signoff debtors
stock concerns they continuing best satisfy sufficient confident trail currently . understanding , over audit and audit transparent been reconciliation forward useability enquiry to as400 not aa of full values accurate being inconsistency accounting I which and a - of the requirements the stock outright between at with application such macro the positions information despite to the level stock screen better that , , of delivering of reports efforts it to being the the a problems between
require / needs consequently for and you , following the : you , approval inform or I of to
with aa following will I the discuss
existing due misstated with data on to obsf balance being within the issues above simplifications trial extended values aa and model beyond that may conversations ) (
position need the differences not aa audit timetable that there provided these would analyses ) on position screen understood ( present within and the to as400 global trader being formal reconciling at be between but reported to differences , enquiries being
process see work note rescopped my internal outline in being described reprioritised ) mo review sheet now a balance the earlier must which and of (
possibly incentive staffs best to for ) of meet awards hours above stated pool the unsociable key continue exceptionally creation payment personal who Metals the working via ( a objectives to
processes key will ' staffs Enron replacing ' duplicate ultimately some Traffic ' for headcount who position control permanent the certain signoff additional existing '
dpr . of $ on the difference between p&l 15 mm final exists generated as400 and the a as accounting the reconciling reported
potential of timeframe system result misstatements continue , problems the the p&l data will . to valuation month system within as we end investigate or reporting a in ,
being . need and , of adjusted for final however may difference following review a to this values traders with p&l system signoff
and ) fully positions where reconciled daily being obsf repeatable until process early sheet reduced on retention April ( stock . signoff being balance and instigated the in recall economically all of viable can
being prioritised follows Middle being Office as work
of stock later for current stock 30th due system by business for review detail requiring valuation issues of to close co-ordination circularisation initiated forward the download a reconciliation returns to of audit data and reference the for replacing , full / system 23rd the traffic - reported full of planned ) 23rd with contracts (
stock and of 30th transactions vanilla movements reconciliation forward tests sample 23rd of between
position of obsf reconciled Barclays analysis being that detailed must documentation to contracts all
recalculation the position analysis created manually above spreadsheet of utilising option premium obsf
account and substantiation off intercompany comparison of Barclays we analysis cut circularisation and the to
close / debtors for business partial of 23rd the creditors initiated circularisation
re in items touch I the directly will approval needing being
regards
Mike
Mike Jordan
21/03/2001 18:20
business Merchanting in Metals of issues resulted a operating the have increase level for the several in risk . related
before ( ) which sheet weeks operation the end facility . the of " commenced balance complexities " off the two surrounding years obsf
of 's facility the years signoff the for by . generated the late uncertainty end audit in aa the revocation
' obsf of discovery compounded ' release of the from the , the code operational of the functionality a as400 supporting of burden arising bugs the , numbers . Merchanting which obsf within designed
the the ( operational with aa of requirement ) amend code as result process the of the and a obsf . it current renegotiation and obsf Barclays to
senior it sending for resigned developer the Merchanting gardening leave and having being on .
business requirement parochial irrespective issues the the above . corporate of working for the business lower Merchanting to capital usage
and management q1 senior assurance will and of mitigating the balance business levels provide to to focus sheet actions . accuracy the to over various to have , gain as and taken been be control comfort dpr provide
. business Merchanting decoupled Merchanting for benefit - effectively implementation from on for ) higher being developers the the provide risk the to for brokerage sole higher benefit focus obsf and having ( delayed it sap being implementation
ar data quality / continuing a end reviews as q1 analysis as provide the sap detailed to businesses ap at being so . both for
settlement process components for capital daily Middle businesses Metals have cash new reported working to a capital / Office . data working tracking instigated funding all
to a and locations summarised will enhanced , process end signoff analyses position implemented prior gross spread covering being for and q1 positions . tonnage brand
being the within being contingencies of but as400 downloads reports data functionality the available VBA to necessary builds , outside as400 / as400 however have excel tactical . should using the initiated reported
for the for determined freeze and code q1 the obsf to a being and three commence requests following . have of prioritised end functionality as400 user of delivery of prior aggressively support as reports the will additional reports requirements minimum
risk q1 a will full of reconciling close by the between q1 trial balances control staffs open being and dpr the resubstantiation q1 the completed full
full internal balance the a being review will which audit sheet timetable within completed q1 incorporates
circularisation source full of a documentation inventory balances to within and matching Enron ,
timely inventory basis circularisation a balances will expectation not by on there where of above being of , a , inspection inspectors that received party third certain being the replies
the checking checks by ) spot key position unpriced traders to and substantive positions reported forward priced the the off documentation source signed contracts for back reported (
and obsf of reconciliation option full values recalculation premium
Barclays as400 obsf thereby and we Barclays option full account of purchase that ( of stock within substantiating to reconciliation contracts the to ) documentation having to existence
any source where - matching based end a review documentation , movements subsequent to debtors applicable and risk cash , quarter post
for invoices payment to of internal creditors full a ( request or external substantiation / commitments ) ( documentation ) contracts
reconciliation of full intercompany accounts a
full substantive funding accounts cash reconciliation a of and
on I of intend above updates status the to weekly the during provide actions April
x34703 please on call questions having I if any you
regards
Mike
: Harris Dr.
likes taking for time would the to my personally closely . you to thank review application I
the . attend Graduate been been results School Business to determined TEXAS still of next with I though the I disappointed years
etc. . for , with the become this activities competitive how compensate , my that that feel but recommendations would personality disability having I , I process experiences understand , , my work extracurricular
, , for right that and the I sure I with education the Professors to Ronn being Jemison . looking Titman Brown talking place school , get were being the after
that doing it being a so level get I for takes years best to you getting place certain in the . that know to the education to whatever graduate still - school , I been going been want great next I
level that committee the to level on fall Houston finance admissions at the plan University demonstrate compete summer of to three courses taking or graduate I I the two at . can this graduate and
also on plan the test . GMAT I retaking
I to Business to due Graduate , will a the at this committee determined been successful my monumental prove of disability being . being School that I the ; task but to can TEXAS
. spring my meet I down discuss Austin file you you personally come to this meet to would to with application likes and to to further
overall I let I doing strengthen thought file anything next can know of application for else , to please you years if . my
. soon take you care hope heard and to from
, sincerely
Ben Rogers
Ronn : Professor
you thank the time taking I to . the would recommend for to program likes mba to I
end not , the the in being . favorable results
it extracurricular but compensate for chances that work this helped , my being experiences with that . that understand would process competitive possibly feel , and recommendations , I , a activities I , my etc. disability my
that . , and you and Brown sure UT place being with Professors learning continue Jemison energy Titman right I being after to , finance talking about - the
know next years in to I want it education - graduate level so that get sure to UT excellent been place doing whatever I takes going I . for being , still to a the been that you getting
level fall finance graduate office University I to demonstrate compete taking the the of level and at three that I can summer this on Houston or to two admissions courses this at . plan
also I to trying test the plan . GMAT on retake
Graduate commitee to been the , the at prove due , but University that to determined with monumental I . admissions will disability task this being a the my I School Business can excel Texas work of to
with and talked again thanks the . taking to I time for listen
I can we in talked to hope and it being . a having you the energy finance meeting pleasure future about continue and
please doing can my lets know can you I . , next , of anything to else if I also for think years strengthen application file overall
to care hope from and take soon . heard you
sincerely ,
Ben Rogers
: Titman Professor
. you recommend the I for I would to likes to taking mba program the thank time to
in , results being favorable not . the end the
, my chances , compensate a my etc. process experiences work this but understand , being extracurricular . activities with disability that I that , I it feel and possibly my competitive recommendations , that helped would
that Ronn place UT with energy Jemison and talking and you to Professors . sure being Brown - learning after , right the , I being about finance continue
a of at finance University graduate Houston . the demonstrate fall the on taking this compete this can I at to I plan to summer and office of courses admissions that level couple level
. retake the also on gmat test I plan to trying
prove work can . task determined the of disability I the but doing , this I will to , my at committment Graduate a admissions University the monumental been Texas due to to that School Business being
- likes dialague creating I also regarding we a would . energy fund UT continue at finance to equity private ,
banking I that - raise and with contacts fund I wide knew can capital my for the investment that helped industry .
being very that . energy very idea in - and interested you finance better a been I thought
and listen talked again I to thanks . with time taking the for
talked and you future and a I about the in it pleasure energy meet can we having finance being hope to to . continue with
can , next please doing I of else file if I overall anything thought know . application also you strengthen to , for lets years my
take to you care from . soon heard hope and
, sincerely
Ben Rogers
I any if . questions know lets having you
thanks
Ben
that , . working the on Teco I O&M sorry about were costs
thanks
Ben
I rate . which excel the heat see with option depicts associated a you the spreadsheet valuing send spread that please
sure transaction . propose you and understand being how I exactly booked how valuing the that would valuing to I want making this
: provide detail as , the following please such
of options of call call being options daily we series series booking will valuing a a monthly / or ?
East - power against valuing or deal ? PJM what West we being curve the Hub
I the value you please to to fuel current that $ being deal ? send curve converting mwh / the
please blend if what of vols what formula to ? you using being volatilities using the or blend volatilities the two blend ) options volatilities two to value ( a I monthly - intra-day show or the you
the date for the expiration month for using ? of and you relevant daily options 15th i.e. options : call , monthly being what ,
% you ? , twenty flat for what assuming being correlation years 15
being operating all expenses the valuing you of from ? deducting the option
you the using the " to " being options sprdopt function option exotic value ?
strike / ? using you mwh being the $ dollar amount as vom you
Don fixed stream having the payment provided ?
should not this . being both covering and just stream p&i principal
via correspondence probability that provide limited written misunderstanding please . answers , Yvan Ben to question being , and so these of their
time you far you for thus and . much help both thank very
credit that confident ) reiterate management to reserve that prior , ( % ( being to furthermore to of price likes ii goal . i methodology inherent I that 100 among would : the , , being risk the the 's contracts being quoting matches rac ; groups being ) valuing internal and being employed consistent the any
the and transaction of rac enables life the effectively risk associated during both to manage . appropriately this the
regards ,
Christopher
mail the the . being voice left issue you on I , this Randy
alerted ECS on peak automatically CDEC with would I to which the better loading have that 's Gallup Services conditions been in to with system article 6 ECS establish " we Compression of " sending to CDEC . automated you working ) obligates agreement a to separately system faith (
back able have being associated better ECS the a so keeping , idea not all and the to expenses result manual the the would cost for [ assist a [ by in contracts signed " and being we " to system to accomplish manual under ECS complete and we will ] when date pretty developing plan whole same fall ] Transwestern hold a we . which obligated system contracts that harmless Transwestern start negotiated with that
below cost we with we 200 they owes assist they about that will " . managing k based who failure to mentions James " fight on the the $ in
to everything the time the sure mean we making get future to costs we , a . can situation being mitigate in to on needs that handle we doing
have ? this we watching there being who out someone doing
doing lets . much situation we being not on manage expected we have TW running know may so I what this full we tilt , that flexibiltiy but as can we as to
between to and details how ECS . would permit -- ECS up communicate that confidentiality on James heard the key -- we the being of CDEC I guess one access teh agreement info. hold absence from to having that Transwestern a to
out know and that sounds a solution we if saying a ECS being lets that like . figure what , they excuse being can bs , I from but
thanks .
DF
Centilli James
12/14/2000 pm 02:49
contact control the respect Contract load Service and the review please Compression would . Nemec in Gallup you to management Gerald
a been we 's that periods to means CDEC access profile making a my the avoid . running during ECS load peak 's order compressor decision to for to in been CDEC understanding provide online to
. in period of to so which of received resulted have we not access July additional through September $ far for electric the this 200,987.33 having information cost
will incurred cost I that being of the years able remainder review , not to . yet additional have for being this
August to have . this if continue in 79,000 we averaging being per and as $ cost run September we the compressor month
all we covered we bidding being point but being of . bidders comfortable because a points primary being better I capacity and , chunk on
that done have submit the and they and a wanted have to different could being being that being bid have primaries if for they alternates they tariff to rate on so it ) notice deemed . they ( point in alternate rights , a
they bidders done not and most . , importantly none the winning , done of
will on memorializes whether charge that we letter same flows rate agreement alternates the the we negotiated . or gas simply primaries
nailed this get I being down with messages you it they ? from and ok assume you can
DF
as saying in negotiated in unless the specifically the forth language the agreement at discount apply would max that rate agreed underlying or contracts forma services I got just it tariff set a pro looking and doing to . being having rate the
point language if they rate might stated any adding Topack not the would a since argued concern that have everyone it at different the with could know bid being , Needles or being apply below , rate we could know and just ?? they my and
Scott Susan
01/11/2001 pm 02:42
the have that propose . redlined 4 the added agreement being the negotiated other groups that Dynegy done we rate after discussions agreements language commercial attached to with and to I
back to to there . needs objections if asap be get any you I
print pls .
df
better it we and Dave with discussion , thought together questions format this answers to in a would in being . put of
will of I thought long however the you see they needs , answers , we as but for thought of got . questions kinda all I -
in just two then I questions agenda listed and thought as have . one first have the couple to topics as with lead being a the
provide thoughts please . you I asap
MK
? whasssup
it here being .
. thanks
DF
being attachment ... here the
draft being rehearing attached my . of request for a
and Mr. Mr. 's . Stojic Kelly initial incorporates comments 's it
( Monday any it I afternoon or if on please I comments and the know out being of office ) you lets will before . review having Tuesday
! thank you
ok .
DF
DENISE LAGESSE
10:34 01/12/2001 am
Susan approve to and cc reported a attached please . : accounting I forward 's with expense to
thanks !
forgot . you cc to
df
Drew Fossum
pm 04:37 01/12/2001
ok .
DF
LAGESSE DENISE
01/12/2001 10:34 am
I 's please forward and Susan to attached to approve expense . a cc with accounting reported :
! thanks
policy requests , ? any we like Lou on have of this doing sort
same she however years request wanted she and the gave Huber make the only . we lasted one Lee ) chair , (
thoughts any Norma ? ,
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 pm 01:14
likes a on and - authorization Susan each she . Aeron of for would 47 to 41 chair offices order Scott
. having chair back , being problems with this helped particular designed she which to
we Enron ever , because of at , , being this chair surplus a popular having having so if peoples but rarely . many they types already
being plus . $ the tax 567.77 per cost chair
approve the purchase please . of two
thanks !
left lou of sorry off messages the . i ,
Fossum Drew
am 09:45 01/13/2001
any doing policy we ? this have of sort requests , on Lou like
, request one ) we years the wanted she chair gave . only Huber she the same Lee ( lasted however make and
any Norma , thoughts ?
LAGESSE DENISE
01/12/2001 01:14 pm
likes offices Aeron would Susan order - chair each 41 on Scott a she . and for of authorization to 47
with chair . to having being particular helped which back , this she problems designed
they having rarely already a having . , but of this ever at peoples many surplus we Enron so being , , chair because if popular types
tax per 567.77 plus chair $ the . being cost
purchase two please approve of the .
! thanks
a believe 6 Sommer MKM to producers Jan you intercepted dated 's the . I letter that of copy John spies got
to she Sommer discussed he with letter . forwarded and it the Stan
aggravation the and . urge of to it Stan I decided but a to send to Gibson send , , to attached 's response vented complaining and after cooled he by not letter Dari and tempers we Kyle duplicity drafting Sommer or I written MKM
the Sommer and up OK . City MKM communication to strongly of probably I with it importance producers in bring the as stands , coordinated will suggest it and
how . as up being this time Kyle letter orally next with situation the not the phonne of or he may handle on bring also to Gibson Stan a example
-- being ! it outstanding news yea
what a . hoss
on catch not can . 14721 you next I time keep trip but this you posted
DF
Evan --
responsible who for completing entering new market paperwork for all a ? being
or on ? someone team you it from being someone cec
with coordinated issues that there know lately and who we everything . to wanted sure getting some I have point on making been being
Jim
scheduled I to attend been ?
Jim
DC CAEM next at Wednesday the being of , will , board the Washington the , 12 of Grand on . September in directors Hotel held Hyatt meeting
held of DISCO meeting the we being conjunction . being meeting in of Future with the third Forum the
website on Forum we newly please DISCO visit . www.caem.org the updating ( ) information for more
the speaker including members a . on for you , , Wednesday the Wednesday being to with evening following reception join meeting DISCO board a guest invited dinner and Forum of
board on 13 in , DISCO the invited substantive Thursday session to September . the of join Forum also members being
time in because meetings a we Hyatt already Washington , Grand at being the unfortunately convention . ongoing as the booked same of international medical
rooms of nearby at , however a . the Wyndham we Hotel reserved block have
the staff must reserve groups . of that Wyndham these being inform , you the you of one to CAEM rooms part
all to surrounding arrange so at quickly in hotels different should please there you a , limited hotels being availability lodging . decide as if do
being members Wyndham available Forum 20 . DISCO will rooms of the July making we to on the
please Mangold all Hope at . or , at assistance any you or contact Duncan 703.729.2710 any if Jeff having 202.739.0134 require at questions
to being September on looking we 12 . seeing forward you
hotels information :
DC website 202.582.1234 : or fax 202.637.4781 : 1.800.233.1234 : Street NW http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html 20001 Hyatt H Grand phone 1000 Washington Hotel
DC or 1.877.999.3223 Wyndham NW phone 1400 Street 20005 Washington M http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm Washington : , 202.785.0786 : : DC 202.429.1700 fax website
. correct
correct this being ?
will I handle so . it , if
. Jim thanks
pm 03:31 07/19/2001
Linda dear ,
transcripts invoices receiving being from . Federal settlement the for Reporters conferences of recent FERC we Ace
Steffes . ' being Linda charged center they to saying should cost , Jim Robertson etc
want the ? invoices you send you to I to doing
I lets . know
many . thanks
Lora
fax , Eye Enron 800 202-828-3372 lora.sullivan@enron.com email DC Lora NW suite 1775 202-466-9142 , government : affairs ) federal Street Sullivan 20006 representative Washington (
< independent ) embedded > ( bitmap pictures device
. being week in I all
Jim
you catch PRC ? meeting we going Ursula can visit at up what about with the when on
BRADLEY L ROBERT , JR ,
for form below . analysts of attached associates evaluation version being and the revised a
well you destroy that 2 disregard the any , the on blank form pep to please prior as system and from as retrieved received date July . forms
associate please for and evaluations . the use attached analyst
must this using associates completed being evaluations . and all for analysts form
<< j.doc file , BRENNER : - BRENNER URSULA j.doc , URSULA >>
Jean Thane -- &
can ( a 3:30 week ? this meeting discuss maybe at to ) we this have Thursday
Jim
. need plan doing we a formal
working propose have together they to issues as the identify we and . solutions develop being closely
market with having we Doug information specific the necessary being . providing
to seeking information being . we in and that and commissioners successful have new the resolution Ercot communicating
examples that being definitely issue articulating and to solution providing being participants more responsive the the specific commission proposing the market . ,
- grand . standing ignored being
ignored . virtually those not point specifics but show who complaints being to up can with
ignored but not board show , groups in the phone working those participating etc. , being being Ercot daily and up the . who calls complain meetings , and
Doug subsequent of met PUCT chairman with and have conversations and I the . have
he I and also with . visited Thane
fixed . make market Wood a to and call he Texas Tom to told phone Pat get Noel the
this to could things that doing he in in ) bigger he recognizes Texas being not ( deregulation global being having and does . he the even working , legacy if repercussions D.C. though ,
Chairman of engaged legislature Chairman ( being . Wolens market in Sibley Texas developments and ) also the
working affairs . legislative apprised keeping stated being the with they have committee and we
6th 7th restructuring a hearing committee being scheduled or electric September for . there
being . only expected the invited to being testimony forum
currently those as Tom listed PUCT commissioners Ercot being and Sam . and invitees 's Jones Noel
to Sam a on being . some direct opportunity hearing pilot Wolens the we and probing and having questions focused the provide for Tom to to
difficult , that open Lt. Sibley candidate a to now not Governor some being freedom being ask for . up there and questions more
, but Austin Friday in . on Thane phone by being available being
being 8:00 plane I Houston to a . on will at a.m
to another can we find time we ? meet for works that
Thane Ercot meeting until a Friday in 9:30 prs 3:00 from . being
available being after been Friday you ? budget ... then meeting Rick 's available I
draft we initial started . a having , being , need a you plan right formal doing Thane
thanks , Jean
& Thane Jean --
prices in working of night indicated and were markets certain with that games lasted market , being there walking new not being the out ERCOT Kevin played reflective Presto . in markets rules
driving quickly proposed into and iso to we on being viewpoints needs to fixes get the and Enron problems these PUCT situation up what ERCOT . we use this
. deregulation market goes poor California and rules for Pat ERCOT or either Wood it being of power day bad to design a if - the will way - due market for
now market new important PUCT as the the commissioners some , messaging . help needs right in
that to a solutions support difference lets . will get making real they constructive 's
situation months I that and 6 doing on next to this Thane thought a , needs to the . Jean over leverage 3 we plan formal what -
I likes discuss to would Friday this with am . you on
been 8 Friday free budget at meeting on . 's I before am Rick
Jim
. fyi
to may discuss with . Becky want you
Jim
of we of as , allow I Scott gas work that linked ferc couple a have electronic with would and can site Hunter to activities by activities intranet ongoing a a the weeks format used possibly traders summaries begun a we outgrowth in provide . , of that have develop tool Fundamentals and and ago being electric , the meeting to to the Leslie
likes , who information analysis of with we envision that source for those a filing documents and as would , provide format a link brief to more the a summary well etc. the . order would detailed
and . you being paper you replace would this the getting peoples currently copies
we details keeping , many worked to remain but will out advised . you being
a whom ? meantime issues in technical discuss the contact could with you could provide , please you on we side
I what need to doing doing ?
Jim
02:28 pm 04/30/2001
gas resume attention Peter for of the flows forwarding Percell physical experience I of pipeline a who modeling having systems in you extensive . been natural in
a job currently looking being Peter for .
University the met week with the the and at Houston at lasted . society I he meeting of Mathematics Advance of Industry Science
helped Enron recent can of and theory of fuel efficiency methods developments pipeline we numerical improve . application further the the reduce and compressor system of to consumption in optimization
please in , executives in interested you organization introducing I Peter . if to know lets you
making . for interview a glad shall I to being arrangements
Vince Kaminski
< am Percell 11:16:58 percell@swbell.net Peter 04/30/2001 > on
and meeting you you . , I SIAM lasted presentation Friday enjoyed at , briefly afterwards workshop the
pipeline development . industry simulation experience of extensive oil I the software leader as in , technical gas and mostly products the design and for having a and modeling
utilize development skills position that and I . looking can for a been software my mathematical
out simulation of of being plus would getting narrow confines . the the industry a pipeline
you please fit in . groups I whether consider might
that skills look . several you I you to the question having answer of for indicated a
who , other contact from groups the email . benefit having , information qualifications Enron in my by they also might managers know with lets names please someone and , within I of
academic covering and attached resume a . & experience being my consulting addendum
being on request . publications available
in a to of up call on I days . couple will you follow email this
you thank . you time for
, TX voice Drive & fax 713 ) 10030 Houston ( 532-3836 Doliver Peter percell@swbell.net Percell 77042-2016
I doing read I it well not guess sorry . very
. ok being I with it
. ok
. contact a Cindy appointment making to Stark
12:42 pm 04/30/2001
Stan :
Bolivia of . being of I completing years my in will tour September in this duty
regarding I been talking back numbers new opportunities assignment in peoples a Houston a for of office . to
will since by thought you . for office , Houston minutes in I few stopped being
NK
12:35 04/30/2001 pm
about you matter wish ? what subject being to visit the
am 09:24 04/30/2001
Stan :
if I will in with to being possible in would visit on 11th afternoon May early Houston and likes you .
working time you would know lets for . I please what
regards ,
Khan Nasim
to of . figured this one I posting belonged you
the Danny from . messages see please Jones
pm 01:39:56 on danny_jones%enron@eott.com 04/30/2001
Horton Mr. dear ,
have . analyst desk I that aware help department a available 0000108806 become job having # in make recently being of you
my ) the aviation with use employed knowledge to of would feild experience attendant goals the persue technology likes department ( been hangar and my in past currently to enron I and .
been to technology could or referral department I you ets recommendation asking if giving I a . respectfully
could you being further doing would to . goals anything appreciated my helped
respectfully ,
281-443-3744 Danny smithjones@ev1.net Jones
have interest peoples . the of I contacted job relevant the you in
danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 01:39:56 04/30/2001 pm
, Horton dear Mr.
# job a in analyst department I aware make . having become recently you available 0000108806 help that of being have desk
) to currently of department feild likes with to employed been would ( knowledge experience attendant . and and technology my aviation the in my I past hangar enron use the persue goals
you giving I recommendation asking to a department or referral technology respectfully could I been ets if .
to could appreciated would further goals . helped my you being doing anything
respectfully ,
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
this I by ok being .
candidate better looks . a like Rick
05/01/2001 03:48 pm
executive : committee
would the executive committee a likes we to offer 2001 , to on to Rick meeting Fehl May prior next 7 . pursue
please soon . possible forward as questions or comments you as
find . the recommendation he and attached resume letter you will
regards ,
Ken Rice Hannon Kevin &
to having for four personal you you Stan ) use 's we , that . being Comets tickets business ( available this WNBA 4 , or advise
d , these section - being . , seats seats row 1 4 104 in
listed they . schedule being below
any these you if I lets interested of in being . games know please
. use will business distributed , personal they being a then first basis on
a : , Miami 7:30 games @ pm preseason vs. Saturday May 12 SOL
b games : , @ May pm 24 Detroit Thursday SHOCK vs. 7:30 preseason
pm 28 vs. 1 SPARKS games @ : Monday , 2:00 May Los Angeles
vs. 11 Los Monday SPARKS : games June @ pm 7:00 Angeles , 3
June games @ : 7:30 Portland , Thursday vs. 4 14 FIRE pm
games June @ Sunday Utah pm : , 17 STARZZ 1:00 vs. 5
June vs. pm 6 , Tuesday : Washington games MYSTICS @ 19 7:30
pm 23 : @ June games Saturday Sacramento , 7 MONARCHS vs. 3:00
2 July games 7:30 vs. 8 FIRE @ pm , Monday : Portland
@ : 6 July games , pm vs. 7:30 Friday FEVER 9 Indiana
games pm vs. , 8 July 1:00 10 : ROCKERS Sunday Cleveland @
STARZZ , 24 games Utah Tuesday vs. July 7:30 11 pm @ :
York 12:30 New games July pm 28 , : Saturday LIBERTY @ 12 vs.
games July Monday pm 13 7:30 STORM : Seattle @ , 30 vs.
@ games Friday 7:30 , 14 3 Orlando pm : vs. MIRACLE August
Phoenix 7:00 Monday @ pm August : , vs. MERCURY 6 games 15
games @ August , 16 7:30 LYNX Minnesota Monday 13 vs. : pm
listings change time please . check date local and being that to please subject note ;
thanks ,
713/853-6197 Cindy
mailing the fine house . they iis to
some reading we ! weekend it giving will
thanks .
stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com pm 08:50:01 on 05/01/2001
. almost you done with drafts
will being lot I going on , longer ) and than to a I took there Adam 's first drafts little thought revise a here review see . you having ( as soon
you to I expect they to sometime . send out tomorrow
you being , I unless a mail home to too I prefer otherwise they just . will thought Debbie since you client
SD
. better news
congratulations . better luck and
, Bill ! hello
attend . will person Stan in
Cindy
pm 05/02/2001 12:03
weekly meeting executive committee
, : Monday May 7th date
: CDT ) a.m. ( 11:00 time
location 50th boardroom floor :
upon request connections locations will established : with being . remote video
have call . lines reserved : AT&T being conf
Bill numbers ( Sherri the passcode 713/646-6505 for Dorsey in ) ( . - or dial ) weekly please and Sera 713/853-5984 contact
. attend or not and whether please you meeting indicate to what below plan medium through this
in person will _______ I yes attend ,
_______ video conference by from
by _______ call conference
_______ I , not will attend no
***
by return with 12:00 to , 4th this p.m. Friday e-mail I you May , please response
you , thank
Dorsey . Bill
invitation the you . thank for
due previous not able and will . unfortunately I to committments to being attend Debbie
Tana ,
below : process the please review
you , noted EOL the application a as new password reflecting the request does below for applicant . name with divisions
and company . reference the cp the set when id the company EOL being database the the up to parent in link we
we parent . the confirm systems Sam downstream correlation for to between please Counterparty , provides , and establish child links Global the also
you being if to that this the see would likes I lets steps know appropriate .
, thanks
Stephanie
Stephanie & , Sam
re Ferrous : International Cargill
incorporated part it that divisions EOL name understanding being the as entity with have of all . the team my would legal the
Schott Samuel
pm 03/21/2001 01:58
highlighted any gcp in being red will adjustments .
: GCP_London attn.
. being listed EOL new the a counterparty in there UK
. please respond
. rgds best
ENW_GCP x3-9890 Samuel
please attached see .
- Harry
? lawyer to this at the being you look right
Robert Cass B
04:52 04/16/2001 pm
after please approve p.m following Datamanager . types 11:00 the in product
see approval the for below . steps
hot plate phy steel rolled US
US description product short plt stl website of phy types hr :
: product types
reference : period
transaction effective the being to term date end ) termination date ( or date or ) date from of start the the shall ( . the
date being or . 2001 Oct 01 ( the effective ) start date
) ( or the termination 2001 date end . being Oct 31 date
example ) : additional ( information product
a transaction 1 being the hot and steel for inches of " of . rolled width 72 with thickness a
, Terminal Ill area Chicago in . metro Reserve being F.O.B. the transaction Marine
unloading responsible after loading to , responsible F.O.B. and storage for warehouse and following being the being including , up freight : delivery freight to refers in storage seller . and delivery for terms , buyer
% submitted ( shall seller 's by via EnronOnline the ) allowance contracts at counterparty being quantity greater option or lesser 5 quantity .
will month calendar being term during of dispatch period each a transaction the the .
accept each period and 20th delivery to the Enron guarantee period by scheduled of 15th . scheduled the supply of each dispatch dispatch will
being buyer in . later , outlined telegraphic the the payment 30 , shall the by receipt calendar the the which days and of on make against than currency after transfer being in no contractual to the conditions documents commodity date general released required terms
currency :
will quoted per volume being currency , which in contractual of the price . dollars the unit being US
unit : of measure
shall the in . tons price against quantity per shall ) being lbs ( being of net which tons the and month unit 2000 showed measure quoted being the net
for : steps approval
click button the start
select programs
test select applications
prod cluster select ENRONONLINE ( )
login usual proceed / with password
" the cluster Enron button click " Online production start
datamanager EOL EnronOnLine select being ( ) the this
login with password / EOL proceed
" click + the on " EnronOnLine for
types the for click " on + product "
( or " awaiting " partially on approved click " ) " " for + the " approval
requiring e-mail select review product above the as stated in
up product mouse right click - view to " on " " " properties set
right " mouse to click approve on " : approved
appreciate Bill ! thanks - help you
Hare D Bill
pm 05:51 04/16/2001
, of the division informed Tana to change that we a make global Incorporated counterparty " include in Cargill . we "
near will in name meet in counterparty trade the . to discuss future issues global the and we setups surrounding division
Bill
- Bill
something being being I the procedure to gcp like it correct needs description if below to , of Sam 's changes looks .
counterparty system counterparty . in fact from that confirmation global lies difficulty the name the the 's the reads
they doing they to entities own not power in divisions names of contract companies legal not being . have the since
confirmation seriously legal the global itself counterparty the correct , with not out the it name the wrong if on contracts compromising . legal in being goes name
of the entering the concern . of source correct Tana being that divisions 's system regarding in the
the inappropriate application the that on EnronOnline to use having password customer my customer name being suggestion counterparty that same my until team understanding the EnronOnline returns they signed -- being the that global applications being correctly . completed the
transact now since in they after application almost . and this the being counterparty understandably still a they case particular allowed being on EnronOnline sending complaining month in not to upset being
any changing you it appreciate , this fixed could , the and please gcp with know if if problems todays lets one procedure I you having . get would I
Mark
Tana Jones
03:11 pm 04/16/2001
Samuel Schott
01:09 03/28/2001 pm
... fyi
International the of global in correctly system , division as counterparty set being Inc Ferrous Cargill up . Cargill a
to name link to . this up gcp the Cargill International Ferrous being procedure set - a per legal with Inc. of in gcp Cargill such - division , full and as sub
name need change counterparty the name ( changed from order legal also this . , the to global ) Cheryl sap team in Johnson documentation would
best . rgds
x3-9890 global Works management Net ) _ Enron ( data Samuel gcp
to updates this counterparty name the correct name adding ? legal on any
hello ,
and we gcp establish correlation provides for . the to links parent the systems the between , downstream child yes
) the in that rule past legal broken ( , for have . although we
defeats . tradename a this purpose of using the
rgds best .
Samuel
, Tana
please the : process review below
request applicant password . as the divisions application noted with the a does new EOL you for name reflecting below ,
to we the when and the cp link the EOL in being id . up company reference set parent database the company the
establish Global correlation confirm also to , parent for we provides between Sam child the downstream Counterparty systems links , the please and .
see this if would lets appropriate being know the steps to . you that likes I
thanks ,
Stephanie
, Stephanie Sam &
re Ferrous Cargill International :
divisions the with entity as my the EOL legal all that team understanding name would it part the of being have . incorporated
Schott Samuel
03/21/2001 pm 01:58
in adjustments gcp being highlighted . red will any
: GCP_London attn.
the UK in EOL there new listed counterparty a being .
respond please .
rgds . best
ENW_GCP x3-9890 Samuel
please attached . see
Doc -
morning . I town Sunday through in being will
dinner can get any Saturday together ? eve. we for chance
Mark
-- thought this I Harry having I morning handling being that afternoon the .
MHC
can you ? cover todays for I
been I mediation . in
well voicemail handled just . sure Butcher Sharon , it I a being , left to as making for
afternoon . schedule shows session a my
we sessions ? have todays doing 2
, may if want and . cover to you split so
. ton thanks a
I in August one will . next take you
thanks ,
Kriste
713 fax 713 ) ( 4861 646-5847 EB ) 853-7557 Corp. Sullivan phone Enron Kriste ( K. legal -
got I this .
being this I Central Time assume ? 12:30
Wednesday ) : when GMT 19 Canada ) , am ( 10:30 - ( , Time ; 11:30 . 2001 US - & September am Tijuana 08:00 Pacific
where conf. : call
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
PST 11:30 10:30 -
call in - 800/711-8000 : #
: passcode 4153030
Bob Henderson the agreement overview 's . here employment of being
think what ? doing you
MHC
comment . , please Michelle
whether . please being send he what Cash written being Michelle email ok response a you with I and about
we , doing after that ? doing what
Brad
respect Seleznov a with conversation . Ryan my to I like in herewith disclose in intentions writing after Dealbench
Word please attached file see
best regards
Munk Tobias
attached please . the see
Teresa
( Lund use please and corporate we send without non-compete example standard . Bridgeline -- ) and copies the David of letter agreement assignment standard with services
Michelle
done being it we we formatting . one , will being this when send week and it
Michelle
much thanks very .
use ssd we can doing a you also have ?
Jane
- dg services.doc : for for - >> services.doc 220b << agreement dg 220a recruiting : << contract agreement >> - file file
sample here . being the agreements
you needs please anything . we else know lets if
thanks .
Goode Diane senior specialist
know or I involved also all agree . complications I , parties the not but doing
this on groan there be ) ( should a ? meeting
? you with please helped this can one
what with I agree concern being the below .
( gis just , id and gis we external eid having . ids ) like - id
should migrate to . try one to thought I we these of
I to types of I should statement back please . lets know making customer the what
thanks .
Kathy ,
voicemail please note , the messages review . below per my
response to to you customer . I likes this working a with would on
thanks ,
Brandee
design Sanborn i.s.c. care process support customer & http://isc.enron.com/site Brandee
>> independent ( bitmap pictures << device : object ole )
do@enron_development luan ngoc
12:36 08/07/2001 pm
may whom : it to concern
social identity fraud constantly hear I security stolen information through . tv newspapers using , about and
issue been about I very . this concerned
company I we following having . the suggestion for
instead ? as ids , company since ss employees being of and numbers ( a assigned numbers identification the these numbers Enron ) use Enron a a numbers hr could sap 's p
being safer . will employees all for this
been I buy in I example concerned bus numbers monthly and having passes ss for my . I fill , to the when
( especially parties - sourcing . out third all at some feel not databases see Enron ) I many secure my so doing being from , in at databases to ss - when
numbers badge we . we instead of could ss use we there
they about the know I lets the helped how safer of . can safeguard organization numbers employees Enron you ss please feel
for meeting please this calendar . files my and print on
thanks .
MHC
all ,
meeting that hr associate a place as take reminder below the points : will
( pm August 5.30 3.30 46c1 - . EB Thursday 23rd pm ) ,
follows the for : who leads be associates being as responsible
Arya Sunjay
Buck Gary
Booth Khymberly
Ryan Seleznov
Mecole Brown
Tim O'Rourke
Cashion Tana
Sheila Walton
Fincher Wendy
Sheila Knudsen
Karen Phillips
Davies Neil
Ryan Noel
Skinner Cindy
Walker Scott Simone
Shanna Funkhouser
gathered being the currently above peer being on reviews .
of each receipt shall the . of for respective , I associate reviews upon you you to copy forward a
contacting will participation . they outside they being addition in discuss they rotation projects you to in
a the assigned who to at may not areas meeting points ( a first period being . allocate based for ) associate you contribution max 150 on also the of those review
any . lets the if above anyone know I please having on questions
kind regards ,
Karen . x54667
with tonight spoke Per this I about Shanna , .
talked lets . tomorrow 's
. thanks
Michelle
the this being to background conversation Shanna . my with
. a giving having of copy to I tomorrow you documents the can I
for on up following thanks . this
Per
Per -
Shanna from . or Sharon heard I back not Butcher doing
tomorrow Shanna you ask ? to this please could take situation to Sharon
John and , I Per and that have the concerned some hostile both environment . we discussed we repercussions may being issue
making with legal but likes up and he to / being until occur activity I . you sure to may would the any speed that hr Per keep I vacation and up been 22nd that
thank you
Paula
lets involved what confidentiality discuss etc here -- being , exactly 's .
. thanks
MHC
, ya'll hi
respond . know to let this I request you she to about wanted before I
questions . having any I know you if lets
, regards
Sandra
of information , analysis gather demographic as a affirmative gender you Kathy on policy in : nationality action ; ( and to contact as workforce Enron origin I ) McMahon that planning ethnic suggested age , 's , effort well
on ( ' having agreed to - ) Harvard working case with a Business Skilling called . 5 years modern ' Giants HBS Jeff School study
we companies years five a the react time assess other numbers and period . to this of market shadow during changes we over to HBS how see how next and to morph Enron will
please lets you at helped can I if you know convience earliest . I
regards ,
Cindy
these I all please print for .
. thanks
MHC
, Ryan
. try this
k bob
: . re fyi picketing issues NEPCO
Michelle
Michelle ,
day in . one two
pipe planning we . , understand to project Florida being that as fitters the picket the Worth Lake also well
and picketing for the execution of should needs we interfere get it the work with this to some team progress planning . guidance
that and and in plan execution to that to respect plan , in dial we . needs communicate Johnson the team to Olgletree Rick
first Mike and being , step call , . Mark Stubley yourself thought a between the Indivero I I
to the . at call the out plan and or folks jobsite meeting then lay a another with all
for . a Stubley please , Mark and organize , I , Michelle Barbara call Mike
thanks .
David ,
we we Lake status while of requirements regarding have . construction , the advised being Osler and Building manager permit by dept pipefitters learned Planning site Joe Zoning picket he Worth Mr. the being visiting to have I about City we that inquired that permit he
the being no required apparently they informed permit . that city
site heard a todays have the the I that pipefitters picket Creek established line at . Payne have
. legal local regard in we to counsel this need assist we will
from I release that 2001 date . , NEPCO Croall 31 Oct being , Mike understand 's Mike Indivero Mr.
please reported he they replacement . who as date advise and being to
, thanks
< North 425-415-3098 Energy J. National mailto:galent@nepco.com Galen cell 11831 Creek manager : 98011 > ( tel ) North Torneby USA fax NEPCO : Parkway Bothell : 425-415-3052 email project : Corporation WA 425-922-0475 Production , mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
am 10:07 09/16/99
not . Sara settled , still trading being
for invitaion to thank you conference . the call the
both Lynn would and to I participate likes I .
I we come assume . EB should over
told . we where can you
thanks
Rick
want you come over to , in the Enron b to we you . doing call
could
08:55 am 09/16/99
- these ? have will wise assisting tax countries you being who for decided two
3 at I de a ) Brazil derivative trading on time Cintra . afternoon the Felix Tozzini from regarding Antonio with further research this ( call having for in products conference firm Houston Araujo pm
products attached . the answers of being and summary groups seeking various a Enron
, know would in participate to . lets likes or please conference by you I if person
22 - - 20 Buenos in being from Sept Paulo and from will . 24 Aires Sao I Sept 23
Brazil , Tozzini in with will lawyers I meeting again being .
I in . Marval with , will BA meeting lawyers being
participate way I if in you know to likes would . any lets
Sara
try . verify please to
thanks .
Sara
Sara Shackleton
09/16/99 am 10:16
how at 9 11 Friday am 17 , ( am which Sao about , being ) ? Houston ) Paulo time time ( Sept.
please . advise
Sara
___________________________________________
warning
messages confidential being : this . notice
it lets received by have . delete you contents should system not it or disclose if please and copy mistake reply by from this we you you to its know ; messages anyone then
you thank .
em-enro2.doc -
the cancelled . being call
been . waiting I to call about Friday a possible heard morning
Sara
09/15/99 04:41 pm
yes .
happens you let not something . participate to I able I if being know will that
. thanks
09/15/99 pm 08:15
time which Sao 3 having time being call 5 ) being ) ( ( this changes to . pm Houston Paulo pm
you if I would for to . you conference please I know lets likes in
Sara
Dan being you received the having . approved by draft
, would lets you likes know please I this executed . if
Sara
pm 05/17/99 01:47
: Sara
. better looks
Dan
11:23 am 05/17/99
Dan the see works please if attached . : draft
my 35620 . extension being
Sara
? result with confirm as identifying comprehensive of , all could desk the develop luncheon we omnibus a yesterday list attachments a someone
adds it could pertinent please information , other to any feel if free included being . you thought
thanks .
Sara
I have assistant and you e-mailed response morning . no earlier have this
Sao ? being phone ( the can , Sept. am ) Friday which 17 reschedule Paulo Houston am 11 on ) for 9 call ( we
. advise please
Sara
Sao rescheduled having 11 Houston conference ) which ) for , call at the . 17 ( 9 Sept. Paulo am ( Friday am being being
the . I initiate call will
please in , lets conferenced I likes would . if in to person or anyone know attend being
thanks .
Sara
prepared products trading global guidelines you I for been . to forwarding
point better . it starting a being
trading been . address which Argentina guidelines physical will on financial for I and currently working both
guidelines other and . limited " in " existed Singapore for Australia in the remote form offices
I checking been London on .
to what you being as exactly being certain I for not . looking
although you LA. issues country ) may in a close to that US ( the can having get being foreign not as obviously offices apply world the as third . about
the attachment show that one up swap in the . issue eligibility not does thing being
can know I how further I helped lets .
Sara
Moore Janice
09/03/99 01:57 pm
sided laminated 2 being it it this here printed and we - -- .
copy will bring you version Becky . hard the
date . later lunch
. below see
a issue like 2 . looks l/c - it issue the day being
. you shortly will I call
night Joseph . draft from Manogue isda reviewed say lasted changes at having finally he original doc all lined called put I and to agreed in the with Tiger
fedexed will to the overnight it you have and . faxed original he
time todays it have review to hope you . will
asked the about again wording l/c having . and s&s gtee
confirming not we writing have the doing anything changes . they agreed from in
revised the a wording 5 first to from day a l/c having drops reduce being to wording down with you ) bank fax gtee replace agreeing ( l/c the Joe the to . that the ) new being believe I different if to period agreed it 2 refuses that we claim period asked paying 15 and days ( the
talked but earlier , issued issues the want everything , l/c we knew for and these lawyers Tiger being so gtee signing if can docs 's get final about one' agreed even . being issues now to in the writing we I
! thanks
any having if or I can . being help of call you questions if
go we . week set could being outside there this to have everything chance a
with , regards best
Per
hi ! back
! New too happy Year and
what to this ? owe small doing I pleasure
. hanging and etc Phoebe working fine , Chloe in , still being out Texas , with I hard
you days ? these living where being
N.O. Atlanta ? ?
Memphis ?
Eleuthra ?
? St. Petersburg
Island Amelia ? Plantation
losed track have I simply !
years - one scaring I started little , the bit 380 life as , house simple the a new knew I a , a the usual buy a ( . ) for cars own well own little University have SE , I to in recently - , you I West , lead 14 old
down burgers ? up east coast you and the selling being
have you ? international went
in ? a new franchise business
family you how ? being
back to gotten work to ! get
Sao on off Buenos business Paulo this and being to . weekend Aires I
SARA
09/11/99 on pm samchawk@aol.com 07:48:44
- Sara
happy ! stranger Year New ,
hope . being well all
I doing miss you ?
SAM
Elliott traders physical for London drafted trader financial and ( ) Mark you that tells I some guidelines the .
for very helpful and would ) I first you Argentina Southern expertise Cone ( guidelines similar being to regions the thought trying . been develop
a you set send could I ?
Paulo on the I . being in being will I leaving Sao office but for Saturday tomorrow
you you for help thank .
. regards
Sara
commitments not and debt to have party the but in project limited the negotiated aspects the , executed all by other [ being its , [ ] project if and ) close being financial , owned regarding . documents the ..... fully ( being b all senior and debt acceptable and having ] to a project definitive to of iii ) discretion facility brought agreements party to ( sole including
fyi
Quick Robert
04:50 am 09/17/99
the , , Nordic Sara power trader here power I . guidelines UK for gas and UK being developed
I gas you . power both needs assume and
or . specific extent these country some market to being
copying guidelines , to these . I by to approved been and , being this Jeff as Houston needs Mark Alan
tks
Sara Shackleton
09:48 09/16/99 pm
Elliott traders guidelines and tells physical that ) for . trader financial Mark some ( the you London I drafted
( develop thought Argentina expertise similar Southern guidelines . would you the ) I very and trying Cone helpful for being to regions first been
I set ? send could you a
but I on being being leaving will Saturday Sao in I . office tomorrow Paulo the for
. help you for thank you
. regards
Sara
products you have the in verify I the . trading memo please being in review that of all identified interested that to Brazil attached
1999 Paulo . in being , will September I Monday Sao , on 20
, you thank
Sara
JMB > < jbennett@gmssr.com
pm 12/22/2000 06:28
12/27 12/28 and that the ruling parties hearings , procedural attached the guidance provides promised being for on .
the possible ruling posted web site being . as will also on quickly as the
I the to few patience you can a holidays thank moments . hope you enjoy you for and take
-- administrative judge Angela law Minkin
<< >> 1%p701!.doc
settlement confidential . that being by note 's communication rules this CA covered ,
> " Frank ( Law < ) " , Lindh frl3@pge.com
07:50 pm 12/21/2000
per confidential rule settlement documents 51 CPUC
ii settlement participants : gas accord
gas 's proposal ( settlement . PG&E accord attached ii ga ii ) being
. the the we believe in many addresses have issues of workshops concerns it you raised and
in period : todays * * the basic gas as . overview for structure , 2003 a place maintains the proposal to this accord 2007
rates rates * lower most todays * effect for transportation 2003 offers . user in for than customers end
for redwood path * for vintaged customers rates core provides . *
customers minimizing seek cent to charges * CPUC to a customers - dth other . the local 7.5 incentive rate bypass and to changes while offers minimizing transmission to approved / , * customers for these other rate charges larger
and , 2007 needed the of these guidelines guidelines and * ii . improve to to commodity helped meet reliability course ) prices gas ga moderate markets in ( capital the * adopts 2003 identifies the period projects over -
of a capture cost * , to % rate capital escalator inflation stability provides both a 3.5 projects high needed of the and . degree with
governmental guaranteed catastrophic adjustable increased or in for significant of rates being the * will changes due or cost requirements the costs . to events capital only
the paths baja a * and differential less differential preserves than * , the . somewhat between redwood although current rate
beginning on capacity users in with transportation a season . for firm two open option end stage * a , proposes services available - receiving first * 2003
core * the program maintains aggregation adjustments some with .
todays capacity needed day but PG&E mechanism to demand incentive mechanism meet core and to in cold also will . - the core will similar larger in holdings ( a - that being weather anticipates years meet reflect 1 somewhat event procurement cpim 10 's the , anticipated increases to )
to a party all in discuss 11 on this reminder PG&E 's . you to being Francisco meeting to will 10 proposal and also San , and January a as headquarters serve that respond scheduled questions at - this
you answering . and receiving you questions look to feedback we forward
ga gas attachment ( settlement set proposal copy the a ii a attached the and include of of a proposed PG&E documents 's . , rule , ) 27 supporting workpapers
settlement documents note and the , that the 2000 attachment " please . finally in Word " format being
to the . parties request documents glad we earlier individual , of Word by a provide same version would in upon being
11 you - 10 we on January forward . to look seeing
we in wishes and for extend season the we best safe . holiday , happy a meantime
Lindh 415 415 ( Frank 973-3634 ) Ray ( ) Williams 973-2776
12-20-00.doc ii pg&e << >> << rule ii proposal proposal.xls 12-20-2000 << & cos workpapers for proposed 27.doc >> accord >> settlement ga rates gas gas
Judge : Minkin greetings
commission Corp inform Enron and to of of planning scheduled to being 's 28th stabilization . the on likes at hearings December address issue the would commission a the this that for representative utility 27th rate
. thank you
, sincerely
Enron Corp Jeffrey director , Dasovich
. being commission hearings points talking 's the a for attached draft the of
points : few
to 5 likely to . 10 - limited being we minutes being time
on Mike presentation making counsel will we . , Day outside the we , behalf
and presentation of that along Day we Mike legal the details will being for todays he review out later forward folks fleshing .
being , to home or ( ( via ) 415.782.7822 I 415.621.8317 can , forwarded pager ) voicemail email comments , 888.916.7184 ) ( .
call will ) ( am . messages 10 daily finalize the we points 's tomorrow CST on
numbers in . being 800.713.8600 call the
being code 80435 .
the am begin 10 ( 's tomorrow . commission at ) hearings PST
Dasovich Jeff
Dasovich sent : Jeff by
pm 12/26/2000 03:15
for points attached of commission 's a the hearings . draft being the talking
: points few
being limited minutes we to time likely being 10 to . - 5
will counsel , we presentation we behalf Mike Day the . outside making on ,
that will Mike legal for presentation Day being he fleshing along and todays the out review details forward . folks later we of
) ( ) being can to , via . 415.621.8317 home email ) ( forwarded voicemail , or , comments 888.916.7184 I ( pager 415.782.7822
am points CST tomorrow 10 call ) 's will daily messages . on ( the we finalize
800.713.8600 the . in numbers being call
being code . 80435
at ) am . the ( 's commission tomorrow PST hearings begin 10
job . nicest
. a ride wild going to being
. very that better a point being
. will I change the making
best ,
Jeff
Kingerski Harry
12/26/2000 pm 03:33
Jeff -
suggesting but modest being that thought in evidence a and a of " fact desirable and well % not necessary be by thought - rate may increase amount increase - may should instead or that to out the , . hearings 15 specific we " 10 reasoned just , of I whim should being specific subject increase and acknowledge determined
with not I agree prescriptive you and in general at point . should knew being overly this that , we
you otherwise , I captured . points the thought excellently have
months we being we strategy of take few to the through process in . the a developing next
mind ahead wanted while perishable some in ( in and . to throw I Tuesday out weeks / on otherwise my fresh days thoughts from being the but still the for Monday ) , hearings the discussion observations
" pressure for the finger somebody to -- being increasing observation . price " gouging
a " fall bent . finding hell guy being " on the administration
want political Davis and and out . he real price the risks he way folks and spikes for a needs pose easy
the release for following renewed . " call hearing " the press refunds he
panel they details the Loretta cut the and they Reliant supply asked . forward sell to she power Duke on contracts , with of my to marketers Lynch to
Carl extreme being Wood remarks and 's .
for in a a ( Barton at refunds hearing the arms ) democrat and liberal , locked conservative ( Hunter ) Republican . Filner calling
the " . " gouging Bilbray wagon joined band
on . , data a the " hearings the called , testimony to discovery investigation doing " utilities with --- repeatedly real , works FERC
positive , remarks he on side he the on , panel lauded the the analysis , FERC . Wolak and commissioners
that culprit participant it the as the emphatically of structure . 's California single Wolak market to a single somewhat makes out impossible nature saying
to self structure embedded being . just everyone screwed also responding the acting incentives they - own interest just stated in , in he the that
Enron its getting . prudent to seems for risks better implication fingered of -- understand it
the best " for a " the , in subsides . clamoring refund case
fingered which cost . the in being the getting to only , cost better to case incurred risks understand internal the Enron of
California but by , Enron " at investigations expense consumers like others profited , , find Enron the and ( case medium rules rules the played of that the . in the " stunk )
right , being Sue . you
up finesse to over w/out fashion it some rates not freeze in declaring . trying go rate --- can the
the comments much . very thanks for
increase note rather not ; better based we comments Harry - amount also be . rate the reasoned and of increase a have comments on --- that well doing the specify in rate evidence facts needs and to
making that . change will
02/22/2001 pm 04:37
being request this participation . a interview you for
programs and Penn being associate campus will the on analyst week summer the , . interns analyst next interviewing undergraduate
business Penn to to interviewers previously from the reasons . have scheduled participation team cancel due they , have
1st and three . I for , Thursday one needs 2nd currently March interviewers March , , Friday for interviewers
I you know of lets please availability .
scheduled follows : as interviewed campus being
Pennsylvania University of place :
March Thursday , 1st date March 2nd : , Friday
two interviewed one day interviewed day
Pen on where at Inn : campus
- 5:00 8:00 5:00 time - : 8:00
interviewers - : confirmed McGowan Kevin
- confirmed Jen Fraser
Margaret - Rhee confirmed
Chris confirmed - Hilgert
that level director or event and conflicts referrals the greatly vp at can would appreciated . any you , the not in participate scheduling being having
thank and contact time you ext you as questions I . any if for you please @ having always 58369 ,
coordinator Shawna recruiting Johnson
that about . before sorry
will not I anything say .
best
Jeff
Kushnick < " A. skush@swbell.net Scott > "
01/26/2001 pm 12:48
NY anyone trip to . doing please not mention my
touch keep in .
Scott
update thanks for . the
a price have you ? gotten
Doug Leach
09:40 am 01/25/2001
fyi
Byargeon drilling / projects water with , Texas involved and in working producers Miller oil Tom ENA gas Louisiana the . and Ken offshore in deep in Kevin US Loch being
. long primarily to well gas helped this the started secure trading gas activities financing supplies head to activity ENA being pipeline natural supplement and term desk
interest just natural than more like program being they initial gas drilling find rather Enron projects happened what vpp 's projects . in in oil
which ( and . Callon # Mississippi and bid Agip the in involves currently 1/31 they a # Murphy ) for being Medusa 582 operator Blocks Canyon , working ) project 538 due ( on
- estimate initial in production bpd barrels sour estimate reports crude initial reserves million being 120 of 2003 and starting 80 to they reservoir 40,000 the . 1q of
being 25 27 api to with - estimated and 2.0 1.5 sulfur % being gravity a crude types Mars - . quality
onshore to # Delta the platform . oil bring be West and pipeline then a Equilon planning private 's 143 builds to
pumps . 143 onshore finding being where to WD # out Peggy
on a either if . in having would likes know to we or basis buying floating fixed any Tom 's groups crude the interesting
to tied the floating the or index . being Platt could a 's NYMEX
time financial into physical being early lasted and Tom get to from when we contracts the it being / too but . a far looked or right or Murphy first to Murphy hopes , to enter expect
in another 95,000 at for bpd Murphy being alternative barrels new exchange refinery to they Meraux , giving Louisiana . production the barrels
could ? basis 2003 notional of for differential quality giving crude binding for you groups this please non in Cal I a someone
please print
pm 01:02 01/24/2001
well please . and , will legal address with check I as
everything signed typically . off deals we only being when book
Jeff
Hoog David
01/26/2001 am 09:37
all counterparty following types we agreement ; authorization to . not for on yesterday of up discussion these documentation into , to think we the it necessary have the doing 's enter i of being deals
. this doing and cause because transactions documentation term business such competitive requiring we alternatives have not lose these being burdensome to short will requirements
, with primary we derivative things - not a then valid these for contracts a the muni a 50 open the $ and loses million being where reason being does claims deal downside needs that scenario it , . ended a
in , only they . hedging case being we
up known and we they . up front being collecting cost a total being front premium
will making attempt . not to claim they this therefore
premium to risk some limited the we they bigger done even , , . payout if being not
the trying greater being back premium they of risk than risk losing counterparty business the far of . a to get
decision I seems . like to second 5 a
combine single long the form standard a and ? isda into to being possible it confirm we
requirements - from because the we isda eliminate 1 way . standard maybe can by going payout these being the liability only away
print please
rusamarts@aol.com
01/26/2001 11:57 am
, Mr. dear Shankman
thank very you quick reply much for . you
my attached . resume being
highlight summary I in relevant the skills the .
. SERVICES with , the / comm ees ENRON position , being mmc wholesale the east ENERGY & department retail
. if but the posted human resource being , , being 11 it it open on on internet it Dec. dept still the being saying that
forward hearing to suggestions . / comments look you
regards ,
Rina
enronr~1.doc -
yikes !
that problems . 's like real a mother sounds girls
. I being how would have I it handled sure not
being ? school going how
? planning for any the weekend
01/26/2001 11:36 am
what ? happened
. waiting were I certain on a story bus and am sure , would lady a school ... a to ) here I if go as ( making being to at asked daughters got approached stop she bus I 7:35 the
mother late and not running . work being for the could wait
bus ) I the 10 not yrs. ... the so girls no little Nicki - for I . and could old say waited (
being and it , no there sign now bus she been 8:15 of .
top things on of I quiz . am , have 8 at
which realized I then I . missed
wait just Nicki I to have on she own that . would decided
asked would that whereabouts any want know have to I if she relatives she of she .
. she called to things grandmother and she I explained
strange aye ... pretty .
without got not on UofH arrived a but I doing , bus could I . it that through almost and runs she
. ( that she finally , accompany I 8:30 the am girls I have to told little ) would to school
only there left minutes . of class were 15
lecture of for stayed the I remainder . the
. and we back minutes going bus arrived within she to after stop class bus
off told drivers the . drop where bus to I she
the grandmother time with . the notified departure she of I
being I being she . home safe let to when and I Nicki relieved called know
EGM send to the memo well heads . please business as the
thanks .
Jeff
Jana Giovannini
10:51 01/26/2001 am
afternoon having actually for . the , Jen session volunteered
note spoke . to my to she I prior
being anyone participate could there EGM in else that ?
. know lets please I
thanks .
EGM Jen for care take of , this please
Jana Giovannini
11:42 01/24/2001 am
, all
analyst recognize associate immediately many and that needs . analyst programs to having we being needs the addressed
necessary address of joining this some off to new . feel a immediate anticipate needs many late we May it ( while cycle and - event ( the analysts fulltime August ) ) Enron summer we with recruiting
to being approximately we planning 15 . Thursday being event inviting candidates interviewed February 30 , and for being this
forward any to you interviewers this been asking note ) ( I that or potential above . managers
will we afternoon round . interviewed conduct the interviewed and in the the morning in second first round
commit we 12 am the or session afternoon morning 2 needs 9 ) 5 to either - for ( pm pm - ( ) pm to complete interviewers .
update this date you using the . and response for submit below buttons please calendar you
the these more one having current to need . groups to in , a we being will they commit or that offer should analysts addition needs extended of taking
for advance cooperation . in thanks you
thank you ,
Jana
we million ) the % ? up 50 does ( 1.65 dollars where show
more can you I with provide details ?
, great guys job .
Gonzales Eric
01/25/2001 02:02 am
job great ! gentlemen
reactions which this movements quick . option that with market and amount being favourable significant having deviation definitely of shows valuing a exploited can Eco
Eric
00:20 25/01/2001
completed finally tonight
/ ) net $ 0.10 mmbtu $ Company Enron to - LNG Marketing 272,000 (
50 $ $ % about Eco ( share to 3,300,000 about net 1,650,000 ) Enron
gain $ ENA not total trading desk 1,922,000 counting margin Enron being 's
single a cargo . not bad for
Wayne
this Jen for care please take of , EGM
following : the Marianne being my comments :
. there parentheses 1 in line should be , the in . after 1.1 section a 5th etc.
" a word . " in after sentence " 2 the 3.1 and after before " the proviso lasted " insert in word the section , . the " change in
20 6.1 20 section change in days 3 business to , days . .
) a . the clause i add , at semicolon of ( also end
just . will a open I in discount rate that . issue section thought I being sentence 6.2.1 4 the note still
of . beginning fit the ( ) being c , in reworded the in the clause 6.3 section section 5 should with to . language
the word of 6 definition load capitalize factor " . the in " facility annual . average
it the delete being 7 costs 6.2.1 of already defined as section in . . definition
the ? being where govt used . authority term defined 8
. eesi should also in to . apply rep ecp 9 the gtc the ,
line before reps add " " word the entered the " also the , after " 7th this word the in " of word . into " the and
. collateral 10 requests in in . deposit comma line the , lasted insert a after
granting adds will also perfection . language I /
clause of . events , to ( a exists defaults dispute refers in . not section a 11 being ) sure which I
the " " e . the consolidation : clause word ( ) s from delete , in
covered it . . already as 6.1 remedies 12 being should being in section deleted
warranties / ( a . ) . 13 ucc , in add clause of disclaimer c
adds would I . language setoff
EB ) Carol St. 713-646-3393 ( fax ( 3889 Clair 713-853-3989 phone carol.st.clair@enron.com )
marianne castano@ees
am 05/30/2001 11:05
Carol :
form the agreement long having short into to we changes having suggested . have power incorporate ENA attempted incorporated form in to that the I Jim which date
a for find short sample ) market con ( ed please form the . you attached review for
following as : the you note review please
we and 1 the . the services performing t&d act related and all relating the billing will reflect to on customer we amounts short . and 's the all billing doing and midmarket ( forms anticipate contain forms of invoicing -- not utility to customer customer to amounts will those pass the same agent like we due on we that 's optionality from that collect we ) as
doing customers have will not vast setoff will with another in " , I affiliate majority mainly provision . draft not nor 2 time , . , a agreement because in the , of we include a place " this these the
doing you including provision strongly so . we we a setoff feel about if will ,
and in we ) 3 the have the that past the form the rather have provision great in selling being long very lengthy . bit long language ( . and reads thinking the here difficulty a harsh it from -- form being differently change law
, to this , we cover as we to change of see we certain taking soften or " in due in ( force law approach the the a . to effort class " to ) customer including include gtcs consideration decided into , practices inability costs majeure event items rules a a
form in change in the " doing space event " a again more of address a of does as long interest also anything -- calculation we of else the the than in payment , not saving law ... termination
time being as form on using hybrid this and thoughts lets you . you this if with know we comfortable we such launched until documents being the
being these other power we comfortable we if changes midmarket . into , will forms you drive
for again this thanks , project with help you
Marianne
been week Friday p.s. being moving taking . hiatus this been my Dietrich pocket this Jennifer on on approximately " they sure Sarah Hillegonds PA and -- of to to copy please response " will project and you through I out during being -- will 7/16 , of
... again start in mid-July I up will
: John
and I master proposed of faxed form we to the provisions eei bond , the bond you have .
send . will been and waiting e-mail fax or I they the you by confirms to shortly on
) 3889 fax Carol Clair EB ( phone 713-853-3989 carol.st.clair@enron.com St. ) ( 713-646-3393
( Clair 713-646-3393 ( Carol ) fax 3889 phone 713-853-3989 carol.st.clair@enron.com ) St. EB
Clair St Carol
09:01 am 05/31/2001
: Phyllis
makes letter comfortable if we that the language . of the credit we more person lc would of transferable deleted all being
? with you being that okay
so execute if being to ? ready we ,
carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol St. 713-646-3393 ( 713-853-3989 phone fax 3889 Clair ) ) ( EB
lemelpe@nu.com
03:00 05/30/2001 pm
Carol :
that reviewing that still attachment the . the being open understand I we transactions lists
how out loc being revised making of the you version on ? the
Marianne :
thought comments a form contracts mid you on other I in the forward to adds addition rep . should power , market my
fax ( ( St. 3889 Carol ) Clair EB carol.st.clair@enron.com 713-646-3393 phone ) 713-853-3989
: or Cass Christie
playing at tomorrow 9:30 being we ?
( Clair St. ) EB 713-646-3393 carol.st.clair@enron.com 713-853-3989 phone 3889 ) Carol fax (
Rhonda :
in e-mail Energy at as ) groups mentioned reconcile John he I . with we ( Lepore Select to , list my list being settlements trying
you and would about . price ) more , trades it talked ( to i.e. likes info these with needs about he info
. being numbers and 860-665-2368 leporjj@selectenergy.com he e-mail address being
. list the can , the sign master on we we once eei agree
Clair fax St. ( carol.st.clair@enron.com ) EB 713-646-3393 Carol phone 713-853-3989 ( ) 3889
Denton Rhonda L
12:45 05/25/2001 pm
from 5/1/01 here forward everything flows being . that
05/25/2001 St Clair 12:01 pm Carol
outstanding include . needs we transactions to all
. thanks
) ( St. ( 3889 phone carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol 713-646-3393 ) EB 713-853-3989 Clair fax
Denton Rhonda L
05/25/2001 11:45 am
or you since being all doing forward they include doing settled have May you want and 6/1/01 to of not ? want
I and know . you can a I new just attachment send lets
Clair 05/25/2001 am St Carol 10:56
Rhonda :
attachment version to does to being current sent you or master the need a ? to the being I select updated eei version that the
) ) carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol 713-646-3393 3889 phone ( St. EB Clair ( fax 713-853-3989
lemelpe@nu.com
am 05/25/2001 10:44
- Carol
the ) minor we being Sacks loc still Ed format credit thought person Valerie I discussing of some tuning fine Mooney . and (
with the and collateral the billing of - Ed being Val a of transfer the related , timing on will morning Bruce I as paragraph we on / in . schedule to well credit discuss to issue isda 13 in to the being that spoke Bob minor there set interest all language this
finalizing aware loc the whether aside as the being remaining being finished far prior only , goes I . of we list ( that as the issue from the eei have transactions ) attachment containing of coordinating the
documents get week sounds . may actually next we like early these executed
Lemell Phyllis
) 3889 EB fax Carol ) 713-646-3393 carol.st.clair@enron.com ( ( St. 713-853-3989 phone Clair
L Rhonda Denton
06/01/2001 pm 03:20
. on you I 74419 deal sheet been missing no.
. Enpower being 295870 no. it
. will fax
: Rhonda
much . on this for help you so thanks
713-646-3393 ( ) carol.st.clair@enron.com 3889 ( Clair 713-853-3989 St. Carol EB phone fax )
Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 pm
you sheet on I missing been 74419 . deal no.
no. Enpower . it being 295870
fax . will
carol.st.clair@enron.com ) Clair ( Carol ( fax EB 713-646-3393 phone 713-853-3989 3889 ) St.
Denton Rhonda L
06/01/2001 pm 03:20
no. . you 74419 on I missing deal been sheet
295870 Enpower . being it no.
fax will .
: Phyllis
the accept can you language with chnages . we
to ? ready execute we being
but out will office tomorrow been back . the todays I being of
. please I call
. thanks
fax 713-853-3989 ( phone 713-646-3393 ) carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol ) ( Clair EB St. 3889
lemelpe@nu.com
08:38 06/04/01 am
- Carol
does why we not language eliminated the to . needs being transferability credit person understand
that generally refers . the letter the icc to simply the it credit transfer process publication of same for governs
we that being specific concern ? can there address some
Russell :
fine comments transfer agreement you to being . the
I will the , the schedule . guaranty to respect delete with
chnages doing system not other any . show we
any ? were there
Carol
yes .
EB carol.st.clair@enron.com fax Carol ( phone ) St. ( 713-646-3393 Clair ) 3889 713-853-3989
, all
the Questar . see interconnect please with agreement attached
believe a being what we I final draft the all you . have to looked wanted at
with , . interconnect a being fully reimbursable standard Questar fairly it
interconnect Transwestern operate own and will the .
when having payment that a will you requested they " due the paying Enron for that will interconnect Transwestern to notice . events the plan recent Questar " details
a , the of please about call any timing anyone questions if I or these concerns give payments . having
ever para tax being have the not in to ciac interconnect we back gross 3.2 this if protect ourselves . but to may comes the subject you to IRS we that ciac interconnect , up to this financially being protect the will determine language , notice , also added tax subject that
we Guthrie the department . worked develop language to Robert with having with this tax
we agreement to week . this this hope execute
having , lets comments know if any I please . you
we copy you a forward for after execution . will files , to final you
thanks ,
713-853-3098 Kim
Earl ,
we we 's ) row fts ElPaso , Questar . being also property purchase ( of about on from 50 get looking they I metering the at have to facilities putting to to will row thought
this can on have , we as we metering plan b . look row some at obtain would , put the you which be ElPaso not reason we if to look for at to will row
1 being in date - we . services May
the issues that , with of the a events difficult if may you because receiving we materials lets vendors that on Enron I to know May have due / basis parts may thought being please of timely 1 recent because .
that having a Questar we / date would services parts specifications 1 materials - in to helped achieved they already we obtain May if informed it . helps of
Kim thanks . ,
Kim
TW - location or date settled row a the being theirs , having ? land and in , services required when being /
thanks
Chanley 505-625-8031 Earl
all ,
with Questar interconnect . the agreement please see attached
I a final wanted draft at you being what to . looked have the we all believe
being Questar . , a interconnect fully standard fairly reimbursable with it
. will Transwestern the operate interconnect and own
. requested that " " plan notice having details due Transwestern will recent interconnect that payment when Questar a will for paying Enron they the the events you to
give a concerns about if payments these . having any or timing of , questions call I the anyone please
up this gross to 3. comes , being but the language ourselves ever you added , to para in this that tax interconnect determine protect , we subject notice may ciac also we interconnect subject if financially the not being have back will protect the that to tax . ciac IRS to
with develop to Robert worked this Guthrie the language department . having tax we with
to week execute this hope . this agreement we
having I any if lets know . comments , you please
we forward files to you final will , . execution you after for copy a
, thanks
Kim 713-853-3098
back be in you ? the office yet
have Italy May Sunday tickets 9 June for Rome Houston departing and from week Newark / Friday returning / to . Newark , we Houston on booked , 24 Rome this on to
. ticket price ticket $ per 1,183 being
and board being Paul . on Judy
you join and can Tom we ?
legs to Dennis Janell able being not anywhere due in . broken go and 's to Janell 2002 will
I let please discuss call 's , .
, thanks
Kim x33098
you immediately thought implement sorry the John , can , response for late but . I
not being and remember were thanks ahead discussed which lasted in great ! being implementation proceeded ( you a not being that meeting or I but ) this thinking you I doing have already , I being there for week if may
Kim .
new TW ready groups Terry I the procedure Kowalke and for customer and and extensions new solution having telephony services numbers hotline entering to the the form . for use rep. a updates having center the greetings use having the , for
giving new hotline you to the much before the notification would phone numbers likes customers implementing ? TW TW how
out . critical changing web will we popup can doing a customers , the the a a messages numbers to notification also with can send email on put we along which page
doing you ? we to think more doing needs
: Buchanan thanks John
, yes . thanks
aware . being I
could it being you remember or if Terry I just . not
thanks Kim . ,
Kim ,
a a new in being sent Monday messages TW and popup in form which . notification tms critical hotline the included a notice of the customer implemented which email
phone . hotline numbers new the being 713-853-3044
make under being you being of Terry implementation also I Kowalke , that TK notified . the aware impression having the
Buchanan John
you thought sorry response I implement for can late , John immediately the , but .
lasted there implementation that but for may thinking not I I being great ) week have meeting ahead if ! I thanks already doing being being , you proceeded were being which this and or in not ( discussed remember a you
Kim .
telephony procedure solution entering and extensions . for the rep. for customer use Kowalke and form numbers I for having updates and having new the greetings to having TW use services the , new the the center ready Terry groups hotline a
hotline you notification phone giving would before ? much numbers customers the TW implementing likes TW new to how the
changing put will out also numbers a which we doing a with we popup send can the messages customers . web notification page can on critical , email along to a the
you doing think we doing needs to ? more
Buchanan John thanks :
. here being it
K .
see . the attached spreadsheet
know questions I you any if having lets .
Jan ,
ago being together these few the slightly weeks numbers ones put from different you . a
you comfortable ? being with difference the
any ? thoughts
I , hurry just no were . wondering
thanks ,
. Kim
the 2001 being years revenues the shippers reported reported to attached ten being in TW the browncover . by for top
: note
total being for invoiced m transportation . $ 2001 180.9
m amount in $ being revenues ledger the transportation general . recorded of the 165.9
following mainly the being : difference this due to
Sempra BP - 10.0 and Energy collected $ , m - reserve Reliant , Astr ) , ( negotiated Richardson $ , rates
- $ m $ 2.7 - SoCal collected not issue rate
m - month additional prepayment of - $ invoicing 1.8 beginning in 2001 $ due collected to revenues PGE
adjusted . revenues being customers for these according
acquiring 's at released being tariff adjusted accordingly . TW rates PGE revenues the shippers rates from volumes above for also ,
please at if x36709 there I questions be call
, thanks
richard
, Kyle
this sorry sending not for yesterday .
. tough always Monday's being
what I . and lets please know thought review you
town before . leave next Wednesday lets talked I 's
thanks ,
Kim .
Kim ,
position the lasted operational . to mentioned here Sunday job you I description accountabilities being and for the the
interpersonal you will and it can relationships . as some with skills see organizing someone very better in take
someone in fairly it they spiritual journey require being also . who will mature own
resume and / ask . someone they if fit I knew or to you might I contact they the who send bills
you see Sunday .
Tom
Daugherty , : Street , care cell page W. 713-790-2605 713-793-1429 : vice Houston Fannin 77030-2707 spiritual - : 281-735-5919 Care d Texas 713-819-2784 Thomas : for Methodist president office fax Health 6565 System 200
Mansoor ,
's lets discuss .
. Kim
Kim
of , in services difficult will attain - 1 date May . the to being very
prior . prepaid bankruptcy , ship have reluctant Daniels filing Fisher to vendors ) being , to it other very , material Rosemont the being ( since ,
the required of for the these instrumentation being . vendors interconnect
up purchase of . material have being but may able delivery to can to a the items day 60 , some Questar
( PA to days services in at being - approved most funded and from time . will 75
chromatograph alone with 45 prepayment having project have we another a and taken worked . days on Daniels on
being and a invoicing prepayments to have main and chromatograph delivered for the a set they office a accounting not being invoicing for that . off as bill not Daniels up create having
usual the of . operations not mode
and 100 the on i/c design being . UltraSonic to a meter of % the or being ( test schedule testing ) to design this Canada dependent they Kansas for places only being two
. testing with dates UltraSonic schedule and asap will delivery confirm
try possible be the being June services we a i/c to would , , date in as date realistic 2002 - with conditions complete earliest with they , but . 15 the will
. lets , questions if issues know having or you please I
thanks
505-625-8031 Chanley Earl
, Earl
, we the row to 50 putting they purchase being thought at ( also to we will 's metering looking get Questar . ) fts from about to ElPaso of row facilities on have property I
row to row would as for you put reason have ElPaso we will , at b metering some which obtain , we this plan look to . we can if be at look on the not
date being services - May in we 1 .
please difficult I a the parts due because have events on basis recent know materials the vendors being thought , receiving you if of lets that to with of . Enron May timely issues 1 that may because may / we
informed already achieved . if in of 1 specifications to having we we a date May would that obtain helped they services / it - Questar parts helps materials
, thanks
. Kim
) will Edison '02 saying " Edison approach . bang investors listening in same time sometime " ( they q1 call the paying at bigger w/ everyone to the
the time concern to . and marketers Dunn detrimental ' generators having then heckuvalot between , , making mischief which now and / being the being could that of a claims resources my ag to
particular Edison what Edison side -- generators and qfs haircuts - in intends . being asking -- being for about investors and questions asking stepping the
. great
they . wanted they making , but to sure contacted figured having
with meeting knew ? when schedulers you the will being
being be , have I will I the not that heard road . apologize when and on
thinking want attend that being I . may I to
. thanks
, best
Jeff
in info from will we ./ the for attendance peoples being shop few thanks - a
not ofos announced heard have . , they being windows SoCal if for you abandoning
how . soon being all " workshops " will working holding they on it
announcement you will I get the .
best ,
Jeff
coup the palace ' ' probing
panel ISO actions electricity of president and the hikes on : focuses a price . the
, September 26 2001
KINDY KIMBERLY by
County Register Orange the
SACRAMENTO
subpoenas and Senate 's manipulate a 16 manage on to being California producers electricity grid set stated they . serving committee to prices todays officials energy to concert acted in who determine energy start whether
Sen. . focusing , Capitol having D fall palace a twists with of series , enough around " it Santa on lasted - , a : the investigative filled the coup the " and by headed Joe shakespearean stated intrigue Ana being plot earned committee that name events Dunn
business billions energy fueled that the energy and by events who , 's the grid - making lawmakers dollars consumer producers and - allege helped directed groups power the - . heads stated of the the for man power pushed the California into buying stated crisis
palace he caps power , whether the Terry to when the of could generators the the , coup to limit Winter System acted behind remove key the alone price designed steps amount charge took Operator president Independent question central being .
defied remove board when the show to filed Gov. and own and interviewed - , 50 Winter request a he page caps Davis records Gray he .
how doing effort place I some Dunn could . saying concerted events " " have without know not taken , these
provide . those including testimony Winter , and about sworn memos and to subpoenas turn events the e-mails , over to will the , the personal committee force calendars , involved to
governor . Davis " by the feel of actions Steve betrayed spokesman Maviglio Winter " the saying
problems instant the . it governor what " , into being been a mounting " a Maviglio when the defining crisis saying moment believes turned ,
referring office questions . refused the relations to comments , public Winter all
spokesman 's Fishman will conduct . criminal find saying no Dunn committee ISO Gregg
with decision : on in by to mind ISO make being the lights upper goal management the keeping . one
time in to price because , . power being generators the California refusing sell caps at of the
being Fishman " " emergency , . it a saying
take action " '' . to have we
restrictions voted what the became board coup as Oct. known of the 26 . producers began power on palace charge members money ISO on for amount for could severe when electricity
as megawatt per - restrictions earlier 65 below . times drive seven of as per the nearly the megawatt $ would $ limits prices 12 months low 750
new too saying since " plan committee price 750 investigating , ( , much being cap being but Dunn beared ISO ) " they electricity whose grinned by generators $ the . having and this , March
broke '' all " . hell loose
with the Oct. records traders 31 power that generators , Federal Commission filed . Energy being that letters new electricity the Regulatory show on demanding plan killed , and
of each represented being . sending the generators power all other , and within six , dozens hours in two letters of
investment confusion cap vice , William price removed Energy stifle Hall sow will the written Duke immediately president ) reliability market the by , . generating iii letter if , '' ISO in and not threaten ( one " new in capacity read
believes generators price clear other , acting there against same nothing about coordination together caps among around although being and the . actions lobby to showed energy the officials illegal the time letters Dunn
trade . laws prices subpoenas saying determine whether to collusion the will to would fix violate main federal aim the be of " which " he occurred ,
told producers . collapse officials removed , letters of the being it in market energy to that if lead price a the not Oct. electricity would caps 31 federal
way the got generators . they
next plan day killed federal , . the new pricing the the commission
price left being five months . what a cap in earlier established being 250 place $
under a killing saying not power that toward producers making attention could they even turned , these constraints then . profit cap they
blackouts on , power emergency for averted they which first braced the stage from and declared California to being 7 began 3 narrowly withhold , ISO . its and Dec.
of next what pivotal . crisis moment energy being considered to governor day the the by the and Dunn being the followed
in price officials submitted the $ who federal officer the position chief . asking a he , , cap as , operating president emergency Winter - ISO abolish page 250 request and to 50 of
with lifting the federal the cap . over rested authority government final
actions which removed until cap established the being the neither governor nor cap 's having Winter learned ISO having the the . price of , board ,
, of hours just the attorney with being meeting the request make Charles who draft filing , in emergency , governor board ISO in helped representatives a and being before Robinson fact . members the the
about mention not doing he anything . it
we Robinson , . told in they " retrospect , saying should '' have
. the gone filed caps with costs paperwork regulators the higher generators price justifying , federal with
the not '' at advisers ISO a poker in sited with going 's meeting the a Maviglio faces that same governor something exact being key word about saying staff moment saying . energy on " the , , with
to was significant that so " they failed something . beyond belief it mention
buying into forced - . toward the power " move bankruptcy to and move utilities this accelerated business action the the ' governor stated the
700 of ISO a from a electricity for within a records jumped , 249 megawatt show $ average . megawatt prices days three $ to
exceeded overcharges electricity billion resulting for . $ 30 Dunn believes the
. - filing Californians two the request hurt rather the helped hours than Robinson after saying - granted
, saying . , spike he doing result as a prices not
- to instead the power price gas electricity being of they plants which generate . followed natural to skyrocketing run used
saying federal Robinson order should overcharges proved allowed for the to secure to emergency ISO . refunds being electricity officials the
we severe " saying . action took , believe we '' concern the addressed a Robinson
we make we situation " . worse the believe financial in , not or changed we view doing
introduced feel we it make " better . and for a process we review refund it because
time chairman he - about of being eliminating price power the ISO , Jones executive doing . Winter at represents not board groups that Jan the Smutney director saying who a , cap and consult the generators
he - saying being consulted Smutney also Jones generating in . power being unaware of the community - anyone
, Smutney of Jones done " executive by '' saying Independent the Terry director . Energy Producers , - this himself
to doing " he at he time being done " have thought keeping . the flowing the to power what
explain called the meeting board ISO actions demanding next a he Winter emergency the week .
to spokesman but the would 's Maviglio action such pushed there Winter removed , board some lead , more chaos . members concerns were saying to governor have
the decision , . chairman Winter Regulatory , Commission former defended also December Federal and making Energy James defended the Hoecker J.
saying Hoecker motion they not go . let " to we , California and emergency about '' , a dark being filed
management doing independent ( " " ISO would system . any ) they what done operator
to 's being committee events Dunn why these hopes all transpired . what learn
8 and memos . believes Winter of should time Dec. e-mails provide he 's clues actions around vital the
Dunn we to saying " find being done but , . doing done , he we eager what know out why he " not
I . he " interest saying having make filing the no that basis in that Terry argument '' of find but , in Californians fact
the and avoid note on resurrect should recreating to on one attempt 's Mike we call he wheel the in get this . Smith the
up dig if it you . can I would likes
Sue Jeff -- and
we current CA the ) a Janet and to customers on for Vicki to having Dietrich . Thursday ( meeting discuss view contracts with ability in extend we I on da already on been
can soon todays discuss thereafter . we or this
to we 1 udcs stated PG&E being and adopted ) my # maybe model across to priority to the . will being ( this the indifferent ? get take working being that the
SCE ? and move forward on SDG&E news how will any
. thanks
. sounds better
as for a draw from week , on wager golf I emails the " not the ! team suggest scramble losing , , for " best no ball one the on the teams blind and
? there question any being
to structure will Steve . leaving to the deal I
Shapiro around recall and Montavano make to , a , one being switch as , but up team . usually I I bit willing I
, best
Jeff
golf being you playing ?
if the being yes and and games ??? wager what ,
Jim
Neal < Manne " " S. > nmanne@susmangodfrey.com
11/28/2000 06:16 pm
. a being of way it street course , two
expressed negotiating they ? in any have interest
one wrong for show nothing helpful being negotiation . there with real that a being , about but particularly just nothing generating
they any particularly the absence in from . of entreaty
? transportation " the where being the of explanation " piece simple
stage the that and being in this being have advise having being that since the it will I ip Duke seeing in ) . the in should since before , that , clearly not ( changed the can thought arbitrators one ip as told hence writing not already we ip ineffective with it's contracts its Duke , at ours conformity being I alternative we , only rnr
only only ) accordingly having hardship under the not a being the the or , whether and . they one being arbitration the for one ( being economic ip to issue contracts left therefore we choose
? ye says what
none
susan rance@enron
pm 11/28/2000 03:58
on and 1st the time amount by during percentages December please Coast of could the months spended told Power I you East . you Friday October , November / of
we could time . spended the to you of if in any addition on employees , all used there additional can so list to bill see you in below be , that we look ensure ECP ECP groups resources over we
thanks for cooperation . you
accounts Perkins forward Mary *** could numbers transactions the - you of and .
Chumley hours - support numbers help / could contractor Jason forward the remote you *** . and hours of
- Fran Mayes Strambler Felicia hr Nedre , Solis Parra , Veronica ,
Michelle Sanders , , McCullough Cash Richard Carter Tweed Bob Lisa Mellencamp , , legal - Travis Shelia ,
Lewis , Kerrigan corporate Mary Deffner - , finance Worthy , Brain Perkins Joe
Chumley it - Jason
Bill Coffman structuring / Brad , Chris Alford , technology Keeney -
David insurance Marshall -
Susan
better looks
Hooser Steve Van
11/28/2000 am 11:34
Richard ,
? this how look does
a meeting todays minutes propose Thursday H. going Klimberg with Mark I lipa , to being that if 's I signed about this . with can before Stan get getting I speak few to
. for thanks you morning this help
Steve
insurance been company here the I a unaware have faith , ECT . three any claim / years being bad I in ENA of against
? anyone else
Michelle contact if , so . please
michelle blaine@enron_development
07:35 11/28/2000 pm
will Justin bad no call actins litgation , . having Sanders but who domestic I of Texas any here pending I in faith manages Enron having knowledge Richard
. agree materials and we have read these sent you the appropriately I needs to address allegations
Texas Richard any having litigation faith being bad pending of you you have or filed Enron in aware against insurers ?? any doing any
we not claims any doing sued years Casualty lasted . making faith bad but recall Houston I
time it long settled anyway . , a ago
mb
Michelle ,
doing my fax Friday you on ? get
to United which likes make ( questions have steer India should on sensitivity about proceedings I bad : be you the by ) I doing faith particular a reference guess the ? a you
Enron proceedings ( b having faith bad of sets Texas right in ? that it 3 ) being
? happy the letter draft I Beachcrofts sent you c ( ) to you with being
a you give please I call would discuss likes to . if
Justin
time . not there but there the when I being I whole not being ,
Ken and , Michelle
" being " bad faith yesterday ? issue discuss able the to you proceedings
of a grateful should . position discuss the I thought correspondence I could chance got we really if to set , one todays ; on should clearly much issue this out delay giving if DPC call you you 's I being this too in without
Justin
____________________________________________________________
confidential this messages being .
legal otherwise work may by or it privileged also other product . immunity rules protected or be
not if anyone received delete contents reply the by system it . we know you ; please copy to disclose should you and mistake from by then it have or lets its you messages
____________________________________________________________
. signature Gibbs Robin my for this to address
. thanks
montgomery@enron russell
08:22 am 11/28/2000
Richard -
letter being , here mail the voice per . my
when it mentioned I , . lets send will to someone , know as being I pick and ready it please up I
thank . for you help you
Russ 3-5297
brianp@aiglincoln.com
Rob > rsjacobs@encoreacq.com Jacobs <
11/28/2000 11:25 am
, Rich hi
have heard Kinga Brian yet ? you II having if little have the
, , remind I so of also directly . can I 's he Patterson harass email
Chanukah going being pre . hope planning well you
Rob
- c.dtf
as the been told time my e-mail of . crushed I getting from can you ,
. the being person she ask to contact please
11/28/2000 am 09:46
AAA she you reconsider with on this doing that now Michelle you person contact in want the being to fold ? being ,
been atty sending . a you from they I letter
call discuss I to .
Cheryl Marshall
11/27/2000 am 10:25
, payment requested 2000 November as not todays dated full Sanders , we letter Richard of in in 16 . ' have as received
on . 3,202.61 payment doing we for a 11-20-2000 $ receive
lets what . to next please needs - I Richard know doing suit file we to
am nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com 11:15:11 04/28/2000 on
Gillman attached letter you being from Patricia being sending the . to
Richard Sanders B
pm 09:56 11/28/2000
I sending they letter . been you from atty a
call to discuss . I
Cheryl Marshall
am 11/27/2000 10:25
November todays have 2000 dated we Sanders Richard in in received , of ' as requested as not payment full 16 . , letter
on 11-20-2000 we receive a 3,202.61 . $ payment for doing
to . doing lets needs suit file I know to please what we Richard - next
Liz gathering ? the with documents finished having
melanie.gray@weil.com
11/13/2000 pm 03:43
dates response reply the to Enron hearing the motion . 's dates revised compel being for / here / and for
on , ' parties . the they want may recall as says intention they you deposition a
a soon . we on follow going expecting should threat through being they deposition notice they if to being
. I forth passed of having position the A&K / the with seeking remedies you nonenforcement along enforcement trustee to what request and setting the contracts 's the regarding pleadings being power trustee filed in Austin Liz connection
together you pulling those . as she below being , see
to response the call to 's offer the . discuss trustee settlement
. thanks
-- hi
talked Craig to todays and the court .
at motion to compel 12 being now 2 p.m scheduled . Dec. the for
due Nov oppositon . being due being now 's and reply Dec 27 Enron trustee papers 1 the
pleadings Enron I . requested paralegal the my gathering having
. all now for being that
Liz --
********** note **********
individual use email . only intended information being for messages named the or the in entity of above this contained
the responsible recipient dissemination any employee if the it this , the , communication , being of recipient reader deliver to intended or . being messages or copying you hereby agent distribution or that strictly notified of the intended not this to prohibited being
telephone ) , you error please by . 713-546-5000 messages immediately if communication we notify and the , this destroy original in ( received have
. you thank
Gerry " > gstrathmann@mediaone.net " < Strathmann
pm 11/08/2000 02:19
dear - Sanders Mr.
?
?
we we interested .? very dispute in management being still having ecommerce support protocol Enron
focal have Chrysler point and and companies Bowes have , questions Duke such answers .? AT&T about I enthusiastic Pitney may would being Energy responses Daimler from this pleased we have you efforts , we to , any educational for as
to related services will my , the being . we call provide purpose of to , protocol aspirational however the the of the real support statements
management services for b2b members developing having .? I systems groups the transactions of American that Arbitration dispute 's a ecommerce design been the being Association and
we to validate groups time some putting refine together and initial we services working offerings this . being we of assumptions small at
consultants we for along would , groups day perhaps design half a , of one peoples to likes of groups initially meet we Enron technology with with a .?
finance and would six peoples legal to of from that so services this four operations , get consist cross-functional better feedback groups , .? ideally we we about
brief discussion services for would points the proposed of of meeting we with meeting . you and a at the before a offerings provide description we list
will businesses in operating we needs builds on of .? meeting these being marketplaces the services to should of the meet the focus b2b how real
environment that being providing concerned to with very we being that relevant services .
November between we to likes meet .? services ? would of December being 1 since we ? already and 14 construction underway
I to know giving if you lets ) having questions . , call ( being possible 978-376-9004 free a what feel any and I please
?
thanks .
Gerry ->
Association groups 376-9004 American Arbitration ( 303-294-4499 Gerry Strathmann ecommerce 978 )
Manne Neal nmanne@susmangodfrey.com " < S. > "
am 09:52 11/29/2000
Richard thanks . ,
# have for Mike a doing ? you tel
. thanks
mark palmer@enron
10:45 11/29/2000 am
against suit I I the send . it as soon the a as filed generators get copy of will
Mark
Leopold < > , jason.leopold@dowjones.com Jason " "
10:40 11/29/2000 am
: energyphiles hello
it . inevitable perhaps , being ok
but being it now . official
best to overcharges . San returning class San electric team a to and generators years court attorneys marketers being California assembled stated rest of Diego electricity take California the and a effort have battered and the 's the on of that anti-trust Diego action in this in having
the a to discuss action conference press held . consumer todays class will being being lawsuit filed to
11 am - : noon when
& 1810 Steinberg Miller Law 619-231-9449 ) where West C Levine , & , St. 550 b/t of suite Columbia : India Huver Offices (
complaint time make : copies . what available being filed at will the that of
's being attorney the the . available about and to complaint director will UCAN questions team answers executive
complaint to UCAN we we todays the that the hopeful being can site later post . web
***********************************
best " the teacher , time kills being it except for off that the " fact students best its
executive ' suite Michael 1717 mshames@ucan.org director Blvd. 619-696-6966 Utility Kettner 92101 105 Diego Network Shames San CA Action , Consumers
the I and marriage kids you of , industry heard .
marriage and a and but of noble in concept out , being . kids suck it too , itself , kids to often leads flat
how asked ? you such say a I abomination , can
all being should the cretins yet there , not . notice you out mind procreating numbing who and they trash trailor look around does
Jerry peoples the springer who air these . on being the keep
of culture the , being kids become destroy having under family post because you the the hippie heard society the . americans who crapfest again , these will
kids the ..... think might you and by blame I this reading
what kids being . does be they kids so not doing , will and what
monkey . it literally monkey and doing see being they with
never that changed likely will .
who doing and a out . to decide responsible grow and lives once they being for being to have indeed parents those kids role you it to , bad understand kids it up time up seem that there the fuck being model not
this parents does . few very
, result and , this liberal a time culture being having granting permissive bullshit of direct the this politically correct that caused out .
doing this will deserve they , have my like sympathy peoples . my sympathy nor never
, look parents you inside being this ? yourselves
probably it . being
you fuck .
trying stop to to break a get others " on . off you brats pawn "
to that that , , a being that the not life break being out . mommy a being you you until move choice you madea doing they and get make choice a
tough shit .
singles just does around drag . down you being , you the not giving you the right to stuck all because
all out where instances doing reason . work mommies behind of will another into the time " the childcare " and segueway I hiding get fun as work related
" mommism insidious conspiracy being call " . this I the
it being stamped out . must
http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines ] [
) newsday.com (
Columbia NASA like occurred devastating again looks sour nearly loss . from after which ago to accident it's the years being it ready two
" launch the almost astronauts NASA since tentative , fever date go now giddy the the being . with and first as Columbia disaster for approaches " engineers
from crucial errors whether ready sacrificed being cutting safety procedures - , the common the of and being for but technically and that most most to having new and , features learned image itself criticism out safety . a budget Discovery errors the and question culture agency that not management Challenger - with emergency whether important discouraged Columbia to grew puffing fly
so I . hope
I in ) . in Texas being up it woke I another when ( incident " Columbia being frightening can to " the quite seeing morning early
. we doing not exploring we imagination going being incident need cosmos species something another as keeps that the a as
that will although in , of will NASA maybe preserve future tourism the near hopefully older the ones recommend allow space I would shuttles new to one instead builds that trying ( they day . being )
defects of things probably lack " have on . led that doing reporting culture the the giving have Columbia on you to as NASA they " fear to of failure eliminated some the credit shuttle reporting
. they encouraging being instead forward that losses ) clear any problems come to unnecessary they potential everyone result it being if could ( in as overlooked see problems
few pointing but out better being supporters a : things
having panel hard tackling and at the - posed superb clearly , challenges the worked technical a investigative . by minded agency independent surprisingly
the a . ago Kennedy like rocket deliveries weeks Space in shuttle with , the boost received important morale workers next two Center a to at shuttle few carry for -
to a welcomed crew - thermal to the protective have while detect in one special tile something would the - Columbia tool damage being . orbit
guaranteed fuel insulation of " fatal " . the NASA shed a not being tank by potentially to new other hunks
NASA to the having pr future overcome hurdles . in some
again they that space can hope all and hope image s rekindle colonization . lovers there space for lets the redefine they they of sake but the sake and out ( of )
. Selah
--
Nook Hidden at 01:09:32 to by 2/7/2005 posted am Nook Hidden
the healing collective body
to " 1984 stated same war the peace government irreconcilable George a novel by peoples ideas at being such . " two " 's as being promoted in " influential making totalitarian accept the Orwell device time doublethink
with duality the flowing . merit I in see
it to , all being , in same autonomous we the no thing between you this of both called and the and together all the the personal at beings one we rocks tresses , my . , shape that time sky destinies and dualities human most being , being , I the cherished understanding the the separation with life individuals all and we we of there one we power being being that birds
written being recently we have a few healing and so I words healing soul mind here about collective , on . self lot the todays a body
one as all choir or if will life of , . you one grand great , congregation thinking
we . harmony and strength we in being unity
all . any and major we suffer dischord
the . brings any down insult all to we collective good
from that being of the think to . as great disease nature , living with come out of we tributaries flows the all synch have sickness
only sickest lesson amongst a the I the I we being finished , as we teenager as . playing we healthy in - being being and sports before being being that army we as weakest taught as strong only
when the all the it treat . and sick we scorn with brings down intolerance healthy
herpes lucky , of have does . we climate of we being a only those shame hurting those , to but create they indignity they being and hurting who when for not themselves not enough
in escape . being swim we there all no the collective ocean from
. you come either project will haunt back reward to or always you what
now from we , we of of of for the violence peace embrace we suffering the . , of environment consequences over industrial the and rejection the natural being rape we
the you does Jesus peoples to of does that saying you the . he least what
doing what least you the being peoples of the to ?
, all we 's in if nice playing lets thing together being . this
and and remember . everybody you else destiny , does shapes does that I what yourself remember you affects else you anyone that I to what to
never collectively health in real progress create we healthier individuals no healthier matter reality achieved will becoming to what until a we make decide . as we ,
indefinitely circumstances since not bad collective soon hand force fortunately we will we behaviour continue can .
choices will future to in being the . collective near make need
we to live burn choose disregard with in and and conflagration of harmony crash this ? will a or arrogance in planet
? with fear or and to prejudice down kicking anger and holding will about rise we on intolerance screaming go to and choose
no and health without peace no there . health being without peace
November 2005
British Canada Sunshine Coast , , Columbia
herbalist viral / Scipio Christopher homeopath holistic specialist
one . simple idea
one opportunity . huge
what searching being for you ?
freedom personal ? more
? more time family you with
wealth ? independent
the of freedom fear corporate downsizing from ?
a happen paying or the for income basis to by the being time . helped being you part making looking freedom looking - can from on that offered being Agel whether , you working for debts off a home vehicle time that full you
uniquely being next marketing being . positioned the industry company in new being giant the to network and Agel a
the of having company developed a . category new products entirely
the imagine - being next industry of innovation changing part .
products innovative
called products a category of Agel entirely . introduces new gelceuticals
delivery developed company the mechanism . products unique having a nutritional for innovative and
of gel . makes technology serving gelceuticals suspension proprietary this packets possible single
minerals . start and the the receiving product benefits of format body immediately this vitamins delivery of can , as you , maximized absorption nutrients the components in being
method being having convenient nutritional products . a never available before such consuming for
convenience consider factors : these
or tablets as ) needed with no water ( capsules
bottle bigger water ) weight ( exotic benefits without the juice no and glass
single ) sampling imagine ( serving packages the capabilities
tablets difficulty or for capsules with those perfect swallowing
more , efficient the learn more delivery , to faster body
revolutionary compensation
compensation structure created being Agel truly revolutionary a new having that .
history will compensation produce we it that being plan belief checks this marketing . network the of largest in some
plan breakaway the a or , a a matrix can described forced . unilevel not as a , , being binary
it . hybrid being revolutionary a
what ? viability long being term
it . just longevity not company being
, viability k 30 only now long term make $ used making . if k 100 you being and to $ this not
greater promise being long the term years of or still should the , . later residual income - ten same fulfilling check you
ensure those principles for that at it working the promise fulfilled . being plan can compensation the that includes who Agel
being Agel ? unsure you of
with take the Agel unlimited discover possibilities time ! to
founder we and will host field . a and , , feature Jensen Glen leaders of ceo the other call
this smoke call ! will
the how to builds ! · bonus - in support place lock residual how and ; breakthrough create a ; quadra bigger : vehicle you behind to the ; of " ; checks in income secret you · plan · " will position Agel " to being products security the amazing the · system you why helped best ; faster live the the stronger the · legacy discover scientific dreams builds · to "
numbers being : here to call the
620-294-3000 or 620-294-4000
: passcode the to 5107 participate being
, : date November 22 2005 Tuesday ,
Eastern 8:00 Standard pm Time : time
: conference call location
** ct mt 8:00 7:00 pt ** 6:00 et 5:00 **
will see ! you I there
612-205-9814 Fillmore 620-294-1909 Steve
Dharmadeva " < dharmad...@gmail.com > email " :
namaskar
hi all !
present and now , the before yoga excellent dance after kaoshikii which we postures being .
doing , . as to having effects you tremendous dance this I encourage positive it
for being dance it females . and males a both
Dharma
--
a Shrii being which in by invented being dance 1978 kaoshikii Shrii . A'nandamu'rti
being strength and benefiting stamina psycho-spiritual developing exercise and the a mind by it .
being especially better women for kaoshikii .
enables . cure diseases childbirth and off keeps of , the ward can youthful numbers delivery body it and a easy in a
word kaoshikii ' of layer shell the mind meaning comes Sanskrit ' from kosa . or
existence lies ) kosas the of innermost . ( individual hidden the of in self layers the
to the of its macrocosm ) thus link . being ( microcosm unit in ( a cosmic blossoming the a attain attempt ) kaoshikii with consciousness being
being mysticism to as referred attempt . normally this
--
benefits the
glands the toes from and limbs to all head exercises .
increases . longevity
makes for . easy delivery at childbirth
flexible will spine become the .
other spine , waist of the removed and joints , arthritis . being will neck
neck and waist spine , in gout hands being . the will losed ,
the . strong mind and becomes sharp
being irregularities will in . cured menstruation
become regulated glandular secretions . will
urethra cured will bladder in troubles and being the .
. gives the control over limbs
the charm skin shine . adds to and and face
. wrinkles removes
. removes lethargy
insomnia cures .
cures hysteria .
will removed being complexes fear .
hopelessness will losed . being
's . potentiality develops - in one self helps and expression
men disability spinal , hydrocele being , piles will , in hernia nervous , pain cured nervous pain , .
gastric troubles , dysentery , . dyspepsia bladder , , , troubles and diseases cures and kidney liver gall acidity obesity
75 the years to working - increases 80 until age . of capacity
--
the dance
eighteen being the doing the dance rhythmically of . steps
in first hands starting the together position the and begins dancer the . head over : the raised
step of ta' the , , dhin to the " bigger then of the beat , . the other they toes dhin heel " ... placing ta' , dancers , the behind begin foot ,
. firmly two dancers the feet steps stamp , ground final the the on in they
being as for like can as danced kaoshikii . many rounds you
--
the ideation
ideation " the dancers . the ... also step the of , the mental when with keeping being beat should dhin start dhin " ,
the being ideation . here
parama supreme two represent " consciousness ( hands with upraised I the " been and : when establish . trying together link now ) purus'a a folded to
the bending you " the : right indicates knew to to way request I . right "
indicates . " : demands bending fulfil left to the I to how you " knew
: to " suggests I . surrender forward " completely bending you
represents face . may all " I bending to ready " backward come : been obstacles that
steps the rhythm cosmic repeat represent . " Lord I : o lasted " you two
U.S. bravery Quebecker wins awarded
Pittsburgh -
Medal Island friends polar on a with two Carnegie fighting bear pocket bravery awarded Quebec Baffin on two saving off knife Monday being a years for man ago a a for by
Dr. , used bear Baffin friends being pocket just to , mauled Arctic two , Que. , a Eric . the Circle attack Gatineau polar Island , of of who 34 saving on , Fortier knife being a south to
. [ the all leading I we in ] that all up canoeing Soper the gave and the Dr. bears no saying done were where of " being trip research " River indication to the valley preparation Fortier there of ,
what bear at dogs region least learned Dr. he the a he a . feel on Baffin Fortier , there leaning when central polar been in tent he July one wall Island , 2001 being orthodontist thought of in
saying he first thought push been my to it . , " away "
a the fly and . started " my girlfriend 's later few ceiling through saw ripping then the it bear a " seconds shadow through paw the tent of
more . being bear bears other the polar most than dangerous
beings polar the a but a consider latter bear the human usually , consider snack humans threat experts . saying
bear began friends to Parenteau warn the two frighten ripped years - they but . that mauling a tent bear the into screamed in the tent 31 away old several and - and Alain metres
" saying Fortier Dr. , screams they " changed .
out and glasses " knife my . I unzipped my " headed grabbed and and tent my
the Mr. , 1 . he to , saying Parenteau the foot the dwarfed - he ground knocking bear - 6
- tent Doyon who . 25 allowing threw Dr. then on a years rock the at in but , , the and Patricia Fortier old bear same it distracting larger to escape being Parenteau it - turned
and Fortier to threw again able its bear . Dr. the at again being rocks target escape
chase I gave chase the and gave " " saying . bear , he
" she at . tripped being she or and , bear point some the back tripped at Patricia
bear couple jaw beside cut I upper a I times a 's head neck the with " being the stabbed and of in below the . it
ran . off bear the
and nine . been badly fur - he , think there some blade Dr. the on bear blood he while hurt the saying centimetre Fortier not does
Parenteau , Mr. . Ms. Doyon badly however both being and bleeding ,
the kilometres . Fortier Dr. lashed girlfriend and River two Soper he together eight and along canoes paddled
travelled help nearest to kilometres another settlement by . in the Fortier three foot Dr. seek
though of to a gash , Ms. airlifted centimetre and both Parenteau a saying jugular survived have Mr. he hospital within . a Fortier , Parenteau Mr. Doyon being Dr. and
on Medal Dr. Carnegie . receive of one being Monday peoples Fortier 15 to the
others " a the lives to saving risk or extraordinary who given attempting the bronze being lives while saving " to they peoples of medal to degree .
, who Hamilton a trying , owners Hamilton medal , 2002 4 being 42 the , knife while to Aug. sandwich canadian defend shop of Joseph , being wielding Ronald . a of recipient other Crawford the killed from robber a
he the in heart Crawford threw before Mr. being several assailant . stabbed the at punches
stories rescue 181 started mine from in a disaster after that 1904 industrialist killed being Carnegie a Andrew fund hero peoples by U.S. . inspired
U.S. . the grant $ 3,500 comes a awarded ( ) with
companies of bigger information important
Computers Apple
Jobs being of Steve it . fruit founder favorite the
a late in three name and . a Apple to company business months colleagues filing better he he name doing the 5 by Computers other o'clock not call being he suggest the , for if threatened
CISCO
popularly not acronym . a as it believed being
San it short Francisco for . being
Compaq
denote comp using computer paq by object and being , for . small a formed , to integral name this
Corel
the being the Dr. from Cowpland 's founder derived . Michael name name
COwpland stands Laboratory . it REsearch for
Google
amount started being the as joke search engine the information would a of about name - to able search . the boasting
, 1 the by ' 100 . numbers being by zeros named represented ' it Googol followed word a for originally
investor Larry to to Google graduate they project students Sergey Stanford a presented make founders after - ' out Page Brin received angel ' cheque a and they ,
Hotmail
of got in Jack world the the anywhere accessing . a idea e-mail web Smith via the from computer founder
finally the to came ' " for ' Bhatia names , pages . up ending business " the all the html mail used with as it and settled language kinds programming tried included the in he Sabeer write of services for mail plan when - hotmail letters web
uppercasing being as to with . referred initially selective it HoTMaiL
Packard Hewlett
- company - Packard founded they tossed or coin Packard Packard a the would and whether being to . called Hewlett Bill Hewlett Dave Hewlett decide
Intel
Noyce already Bob Moore have a but chain settle ' acronym to hotels wanted they that to being trademarked ' by they company electronics a new Noyce and . Moore of so for integrated name Gordon
( Lotus ) Notes
name the . company he got ' position Mitch ' ' for or ' padmasana from the lotus Kapor
being teacher Mahesh used . of of to Kapor Yogi Transcendental Maharishi a Meditation
Microsoft
to by being company devoted software microcomputer . Bill that coined represent to the Gates
christened - the ' Micro removed being . originally , ' - Soft later on
Motorola
started this Paul Galvin when radios name with came manufacturing for . founder he company cars up
. the company at radio the being Victrola popular called time
ORACLE
project ) Ellison and Larry consulting a being Oats working Agency Bob for Central CIA ( on . the Intelligence
or the ) such saw CIA being name as project . code for the answers questions something to giving the called all to the system Oracle ( this
helped sql project IBM code newly . by the written being to designed use the
started to Bob . and they Larry but eventually terminated world being it the to decided project bring the what finish and
Oracle and RDBMS kept the . the engine they created name
later they same . name kept the company for the
Sony
to youngster it meaning a to , Latin the from ' by a ' and slang word sonus ' ' Americans bright sound sonny originated used . refer
SUN
University by Network acronym being SUN University buddies . for the Stanford Stanford founded , 4
Yahoo!
invented the ' Gulliver Jonathan he ' word 's used and book by being in Swift . Travels
being being barely person and it in appearance human action . and represents repulsive who a
Yahoo! selected they name the yahoos Yang David Jerry Filo founders because considered themselves and ...
! I been Yahoo on
919819602175 email : + mayur...@yahoo.com : sms : web
hi , all
why be forums a the several focused Wars Guild discussing around create ? there one on already net new so ,
says why not I ?
and . away not it to more assured the community being you being accessible can that reason the rest being main global Google going go to
great disappear sites suddenly have reason . for fan without I and notice seeing no
because of this afford . the the usually developer happens longer bandwidth of site can being the no cost used
said more we reliable of thus and . forum maintenance by will playing Google the it that being and will this remain ultimately time to :) handled giving ,
I fan this deep devoted a than games the . myself I being haven discussions that more fan for of nothing and hope can a area become
, regards
Humanpixel
! aye
! mate day better
. Wars being Guild really forward to looking I
anyone ? date release know a
2005 Feb
the release ... ex-members could Feb meant Feb although , of make 2005 Wars , so by August being being Guild 2006 projected 2005 date Blizzard
to anyway out I tried I being on get missed preorder but selling places a 2/3 events weekend so . no , it
. I when Febuary out , will oh comes it get well in it
on 05 the feb calender rumor having .
stated long working they who but really it take long all takes will the as as they out to knew so how bugs that .
order major go to a also far that pre order it it . carry list you of and as be a few having could websites of retailers they off that as there
lol firewalls company reason groups starting for and ;) this .... a better
Guild being what I Wars being of kind ? , curious exactly
. of I it not heard hav
site info for Guild the at Wars web about more the check . games out
it multiplayer role playing games a . massive being
worth being looked . it a
a a multiple and preorder been considering . have even getting I preorder to having second accounts
world have I weekend events participated preview in all . and the beta the
functional % 100 the being games . already
the deadline being imagine they to Feb I . meet not 05 not can able
. community in greetings to all warm this GW
of from I Lady Wars hail Guilds . Gaming I United and Kingel Legit the Guild been
of and established being consortium being for that 1997 played games we now DI guilds in the a to being of we adding honorable legit GW list .
straightforward a alliance one pretty the . being
all a guilds to family and as it game formed they many honorable strictly together allow many peoples with being being different to allow . to come who
any requirements we that post each forums free new each greet in members the alliance feel other be other also and than of and to no . members new asked there
own for being the of a members guild being of . a select groups being who for GW looking also we we part which ULGG called the name same with alliance ...
of all we pick in play we games . the hand aspects we members and
visit invite likes would we I you to website each of personally . to
. seek members over alliance we members in , of quality individuals of quantity you and we quality of being
the section to you asked yourself you present . , should register will and wander being and announce to then you arrival over
being will this greeted of . many you by wonderful family members
a see and to hope , . well visiting you you we I prepare we for as at the doing fire feast shall
browser take we if this . website to you in , you will paste GW you it directly
in honor my , I you . of friendship true to extend each and hand
! being say hello ... warmly and you come welcomed will
for down we we currently new being being a will , server to a . while moving so
will I we up being . when again and inform running
Kingel
, , policemen , , taxpayers dear lawyers et. judges , counselors , guards al. ,
we . being here
being or for it or here likes we bad not good , . ,
? being we who
, . convicts unemployed and we the disenfranchised torturing downtrodden drug , alcohol being and and , the self the the , dispossesed - unemployable addicts
of poverty the children financial and spiritual we . being ,
have grandchildren we too own having , . we will children and of
ex-cons and . many homeless speaking tongues being uninsured colors , of , we many ,
a war what domestic . ourselves in against being we the enemy having become
? and you being who
crime tough on who of the like ? talk you tough
education militarize care health in you watch as cut being budgets you police force while and ? a who
testosterone courts helicopters , , prisons vests forces being , the , ... streets . units longer task , - belt automatic , , the sentences , tanks , bullet spartan weapons more through the oozing , conditions robots gun tighten proof , gang
and ? for what it show being there to
the the " , , dregs the " out those oversees the stays of rabble the half population because enemy ? low , unemployent workforce
tell being a reason there I . please deeper
feel doing safer you ?
? more humane
a and can purpose with who of society a sense shared cohesive , ? identify more like they we
in community ? a you gated neighborhood live or doing gentrified
know the only you the way ? first and Constitution Declaration - the , have Independence you US doing by of read phrases or
together time we got being it about .
violent , prostitute a being or convict a , know having a . to they a , yet that , I a dealer a thief child meet addict wanting to who individual please
hope of - still for catch most ruts darkest the , in 22 having . even we when dilemmas and stuck ourselves
order laws crafting . most of in instiling we believe and
the least surface of we sense and not of understanding . opened , a as beneath as burrowed you escape doors , to use spiritual succumbed many if find to being would a we the force at front many those have powerful of
approximately know million 10 Americans , either be being , parole incarcerated you on those ? doing or categories once probation on in that
those . interface ... closer neighbors the closer does and and so of we million you 10 each having friends , , with the families
time doing not ? being you think talked it we
? you being ready
that future painful being and we a road ? can you grim accept toward points travelling the
? while face have where being you doing to heart beyond monumental the struggling we bravely failures now
some that I of be knew hope some we gives that and . this you and being what of , I , be
needs just structure needs as we you we . you insights
for it . real a real never being we solution , being a treatment when to , begin sickness yet especially , over
solidarity in ,
Bruha ( , a.k.a ) Cranston Reilly Bruce USA p.o. box 8274 02920 RI
to I guerilla . trying campaign cause media a effective conceptualize this - p.s. to promote been
. welcome ideas being
prayed being collaboration .
read pp 7 # the Singmaster text 69 . Mathematical 72 v " D. the of in Intelligencer annotated - 2 by a " , article the bills ,
----- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
comp.mail.maps machine e.g. etc. , " mail system : smail to , get advantage of where subject can ? smart on software take ) get the pathalias my ( , I " a the necessary running will postings that in
there . packages the of archives supporters available comp.sources.unix through of be couple a the
or sites you to you comp.sources.unix . have next you , the nearest want what if archive doing moderator not , contact
in archive regularly of . , comp.sources.d and indices issues posted back comp.sources.unix comp.sources.unix being information sites and on
----- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
? line for NSA the " being : what - food " subject eater
of ) alleged keywords the National possibly traffic intelligence Security for and Usenet to Agency scanning ( by organizations other refers this interesting . all the
food the being believed those to " of some contain "
> Peanutjake " < " : email peanutjak...@usa.com
misc.consumers groups :
attention : immediate : needed subject
assistance USA from - highly confidential urgent
/ : from fax WALKER BUSH GEORGE 202.456.1414 202.456.2461 : 202.456.1111
madam , sir dear /
America the of , the United the of , Herbert of WALKER of BUSH GEORGE States of Bush George former States been President son United president . serving currently Walker as and America I
have this letter neither you correspondence surprise . because by we not in might met person nor
of transaction for of my to a reliable the search confidential which to business money . of in maximum and to know involves requiring I a transfer came person handle , sum huge you a reputable account very confidence a
. the seek funds been republic to assistance in that primarily I presently you Iraq of writing you in oil acquiring in being absolute trapped confidence
the . States of United director the who and extraction of engaged in long as my by , bravely in America States the partners transaction my assistance you begun Central actively father having solicit in a served , Intelligence completing Agency being United and I petroleum he country of
to my the regain offices the of of president sources nineteen sought of father United Republic then of - with Iraq neighboring oil , republic Islamic President better the , revenue working of the , the decade America vice of . the of in losed States in eighties Iran to the -
neighboring iraqi emirate wholly venture to he - being in this , . the a falling revenue - by with owned acquire Kuwait unsuccessful additional oil U.S. partner out - followed subsidiary who sought of a british , soon sources
a of of sixty U.S. 1991 re-secured at billion one father - ( petroleum 61,000,000,000 . assets the my in $ dollars cost ) Kuwait
and father in partner 's iraqi of . business remained reserves my control former but its Iraq republic petroleum of the
the of power calling . urgent he my for the Republic you of costs for of as being , acquiring the Iraq of from of petroleum compensation in the country assistance removal assets President and he funding the removing family
term shoulder both , 100 not ) burden of partners in this of in upcoming may its initial the acquisition to to cost , . billion 200,000,000,000 1991 sum 200 ( billion the , - dollars phase unfortunately willing $ - which new venture from long $ the in management we 100,000,000,000 and being
we able we to partners 1991 oil within from being without Iraq funds would the revenue acquire , not the . trapped
being seeking colleagues assistance we my family . urgently that gracious being you and why
States being Chevron and oil oil in and venture , the Halliburton include of vice-president original tanker venture we a colleagues the , to professional distinguished business she of Rice former naming transaction sitting a . of being after the of , company Iraq in whose the United the this demonstrated head in Richard the dedication partner who America Condoleeza , Cheney
income we twenty five you beseech . a would % percent aid I account sum to to ten venture yearly you 25 transfer equaling - to to in 10 of this ( ) important -
as of America Internal we intermediary of . United trusted will the Revenue Service function the States
) I propose transfer this fifteenth the you make month of before ( the 15th April . that of
magnitude would knew transaction this that worried anyone and making . a apprehensive of I
but will day well all assuring of that I . the been at end the you being
you . not a I shall step being bold taken assure , regretted
this % . being transaction 100 please been business doing legal that informed
discuss further doing intermediary transaction you please in to co-operate to the matter we not if , representatives contact this . wish
we . plight pray you that I understand
grateful we . my being and family forever colleagues will
reply below . in contact the numbers please strict to confidence
sincerely warm regards , with
comments 202.456.1414 202.456.2461 presid...@whitehouse.gov e-mail Walker : : 202.456.1111 George : : switchboard Bush fax
battles victims to US storm saving
airlift the watch
teams Katrina , battling southern in of emergency being . hit reach US most the the storm decades destructive to the survivors to Hurricane country in
and Orleans being the , badly Louisiana flooded of Mississippi . of being feared city in peoples New hundreds dead
mayor unable saying . being rescuers city the to dead retrieve the
" " , they he just pushing saying aside being . they
conditions . to stadium officials a New worsening where peoples Orleans , up shelter evacuate to took 20,000 plan amid
Superdome overflowing and , being the . being stadium toilets without power
Orleans map New of central
very being " very desperate Louisiana , Governor Kathleen a Blanco . " it saying , situation
a processing this error occurred ] directive [ while
escaping . resident the saying Orleans hell " " of being from one storm New
hollering , lights we . screaming flashing being " ,
, agency the Kioka Press complete Williams . chaos being news it Associated " told
much lies through way of sea city . have shop peoples ceiling a the she half waters rose - hack of she to million as level she of which beauty below flood in the
flooding
( being into shaped out water breached . the kg 3,000 , walls teams bowl 1,350 and have keeping drop sandbags being - helicopters ) concrete of using to emergency and gaps city the lb barriers
2 , they ] I phones pines before , oak trees losed told roof were in they having water the being and letting Biloxi , many going family and [ barn in my
, England Natalie McVeigh Oakley
Katrina experiences you
blogging Katrina
submerged in city to New of ( up some by Ray ) % mayor 20 Nagin , ms fts saying Orleans cases 80 being the waters . 6 deep
he rise still could warned levels . water
sections of or of city " he " 10 water now could dry ( the being see , some ms nine saying . ) 3 some feet which
they of saying to Corps to homes flood not , get having back Army the a 's agency disaster the to Engineers month US waters evacuees take clear could government . and relief the urged try to it
in . Leithead panic Alastair saying New run 's as there the supplies out Orleans being BBC vital
heavily being stem of looting police . trying to armed martial a impose to of form law outbreaks have
and , non-essential find goods simply while water food trying some looters others stealing being to being .
dead ' ' hundreds
Mississippi . situation appears the being to worse even in
" saying official , coast to " at . being along dead hundreds being you looking the stated a going
error ] [ this occurred directive while a processing
and housed casinos the . onto being beach hurled beyond have in barges
and , . power restored tens being officials thousands weeks before could it says homeless of being being
that viewing looking from I Haley years the like the Mississippi being " only Governor 60 " . Barbour Hiroshima destruction what saying after imagine this air can ago ,
losed being survivors , time they all being found parents . children the including two who
into County as of Katrina heading slammed Biloxi beared it in before . the Harrison Gulfport and Mississippi Hurricane inland brunt
earlier killed peoples reported media in Mississippi stated . 54 the
hit 30 one 9 m being block of 30 ( dead in being , by a " reported in flats storm surge ) Biloxi which ft . " peoples
the , 's hundreds saying may " Creel toll Vincent the death being town municipal " . in spokesman
mobilising
's . overcome urged to prayer in would residents spend Governor eventually Wednesday the they Blanco Louisiana being and crisis assured
follow 's path Katrina
thousands of having mobilised the being - teams Cross being and for Red affected areas emergency disaster dispatched effort its volunteers federal ever . to biggest US natural
days two the to , having , called Red short who or Americans organisations . Cross he on holiday W donate to having George Bush cut President other
$ 's disaster being suggest of than natural bn more expensive damage . industry US could insurance ever it 25 the most estimates
$ . a the a vulnerability of the of the to due fields barrel international on hit record market price crude and of the Gulf in oil Mexico 70.85 gas oil
energy that being will released reserves government announced secretary having oil . from US the petroleum
top return to the
government shuttle technology & on model aircraft church hoax : = - landing moon carried
q a waste : ! being NASA
) comments ( , 2 answered
question
! : NASA being waste a subject
> : astronomy science category
yheggy by - asked ga :
2.00 price list $ :
posted 2004 : 18:32 Oct 25 pdt
Nov 17:32 24 expires 2004 pst :
420072 id question :
how the does NASA per ? much giving years USA money
answer
: being a waste subject ! : re NASA
on 19:14 pdt 25 by 2004 answered Oct ga - googlenut :
- hello yheggy ga ,
2004 U.S. for in NASA , billion , 2005 Senate the fiscal Appropriations approved 16.379 funding for September . on 21 $ Committee years
this for what over a 2004 . NASA increase received years fiscal being 200 $ million
Senate on Committee Appropriations U.S.
press release
September 21 , 2004
a increase Space of fy04 the ( $ and being , and $ the Administration funded , 200 level Aeronautics budget 665 a from 16.379 " NASA billion reduction million ) : million request enacted at over . $ National of
consideration . for 's funding $ committee of added million NASA a being in 800 bills the during the additional emergency
activities return level the . 4.319 , $ the billion flight at funded program to -- administration for requested from the being shuttle the
International Station $ being funded billion 1.6 the . at Space --
. ISS capability 120 continued fy05 of bills to $ by at of for the ISS due the least the reduces million reduced operations half
the vision -- / Mars : Moon
at million Vehicle being --- 268 ( . ) Crew funded $ CEV the Exploration
. funded being $ exploration lunar mission 20 --- million at a
Challenges provided for --- 10 million $ . Centennial being
: Corporation being $ as funded million Reinvestment " ) at ( , NRC 115 the the budget and . request Neighborhood same fy04
spacetoday.net
increases funding NASA Senate
President million years . 200 over " Senate Bush 's by NASA Appropriations increase budget to used 2005 Tuesday what fiscal controversial $ somewhat the technique a requested Committee
more $ 1 NASA approved in President billion than about " the million 200 , and more committee $ appropriators 16.4 in requested than the what House to July $ over . what giving 2005 voted billion
have found hope this information you . I helpful
to if . answer please rating having clarification request you the , questions any prior
Googlenut
search terms : Google
nasa funding
comments in a adds log to comments
a ! subject NASA : waste : being re
from ga Oct pdt 18:11 - saem_aero 26 2004 : on
answer googlenut . excellent
I some . additional adds lets info
from they spending get here , you . can details own about webpage NASA
important being reasons , . webpage , , 5th also a they from format why NASA own in grade
we being yheggy - the opinion not of NASA with how see guess society you how can someone . ga if I one familiar I might benefits form
, having , airplane I , a if TV put modern . have then bridge somehow lets it this modern way medicine cellular mathematics etc. recently phone of have reaped crossed a - , cars , rewards to we flown directly you returned a done a drove , any any in watched used NASA recieved , you form the which
education a NASA outreach also important some . this having , program larger being peoples for believe
Steve best , .
2005 from being ga 06:02 waste - pdt Apr NASA : : ! a subject on jaqamofino : re 26
of so about waste find be to that not NASA a , that believe payers i money best huge think there being of many tax payers it money but ' . i huge tax waste it ,
than i rather but the a think . see guess being the also to for , the NASA i would go my waste Arts National NEA Endowment i money
' from . some being of this , toward the healthcare and course tax in but world would perfect homeless world sort a money , payers a for , program perfect , go housing of far national
? comments way 's exploration invent only space spending response being to : the really that to the trillions over cellfone on you the Steve doing years believe in
??? bridges and
hard . extremely that believe to i find
- more . could in much on it , earth - i bad way efficient doing old have cost here planet thought right a being -
my just . two cents
for . thanks listening
read moment a this to please . take
desparate sound sick . friend that willing being it but we try dear realize helped we , may to and we strange in to being efforts I anything
will one absolutely . , and take this time of you minute about nothing costs
. not actully being of many as , these hoax so this being a emails
a for sponoring band have Control in ran , , benefit area in benefits out Beyond . a cancer summary quick being victim , whose we a local
$ that local benefit they a likes fund being involved donate 5000 to they band would it first . have prize a in which which which competition promises order , started to in to the win
about being effort little explaining a more this below . friends some emails to
doing in first band order the , they put being what being we in to votes trying . for place solicit to
place . being being prize needs can , and third for money a that currently so the humanatarian they help cause you in used
it vote following seconds , you can . the take will only link a few at
for click you cast Control moment . please on below a and Beyond the link take vote to
to for thank you in contribution advance effort you this .
. , along please you , also of and you all this pass email to contacts knew everyone
power needs the this . we the of pull off to internet
being site web the
of all this at of validity can the you . Control the check website Beyond
. that being address
page the season home . the being on all acts , the the River Rockin it and scheduled for lists for
. for , that well all and a real that check can worthy being this cause , as you to out confirm
important raise we being , we continue Abby being saving she money money to any way beloved helped we being so friend this trying she life and receive for . to - , treatments she prize can to
and all keeping many you . and bless , God you healthy may thanks
the for sent being fund holding June for here you the information . along we , in , emails benefit flyer with just we being raiser some have
, Roy
win I the along benefit the sending been effort for raising regarding . to the fund info have I you that cash some passed
, to ask to . at and contacts they , knew off you you we can along a may shot etc have , everyone pulling info it this this pass forward if
, thanks
Fred
, John
I . being we sponsoring attach the explaining will letter benefit the
being link a . contest page the to there
will help in . any distributing greatly this appreciated being
better for it a being cause certainly .
to fly a to for . York program expired having New month and she needs , these Abby twice treatments time federal grant on the
being . , does without without continue the these have prognosis , not to she treatments she and funds the grant grim
hope . network a huge I you having
this forward that encourage helped to on movement along so also exponentially grows she , they you to , and recipients so the . contacts to
first must the in fund place the $ contribute benefit . to finish order in 5000 we to
. to you caring help offer enough you for so thank much
Fred
raffle benefit FREEMAN auction for & ABBY
JUNE p.m. to 2:00 : 2:00 , , 12 2005 when a.m.
MAIN where SALOON STREET :
doors admission at donations : the
Abby being friend non-hodgkin she Freeman having you better help who we lymphoma and , ! needs
the she out , we grant saving she treatments . for treatments to to these needs to helped she receive and continue needs having ran life
children youngest needs , she love and friends three . wonderful having who she Abby and
. this help win please we she fight to helped
with , doing help !! it we knew can you she
lots four , have and will of prizes Big and being ..... bands cookin' . great fun we D
event you not !! to miss being this doing a want
, Falls Cuyahoga who food Year of competing in July and , the on prizes , the will . bands Festival the 1 sponsored at by being being River Contest in Band Front Control Beyond
the to to this the fund Control win receive Freeman to of order . $ donate Abby it which 5000 Beyond winner in will , hopes competition
website please logging help the River Rockin onto on we by the . at
vote cast treatments she Beyond provide again . Abby and Control help with life we for saving a ,
One . make being Bank can Charter also through donations
Bunnell checks c o to Abby for / make Kendel Benefit payable Freeman
Spencer Richard by
( : ) filed 19/11/2004
far globe seeks away energy being the demand and . fears financial around reliable prompting from Brazil as supplies for diplomatic insatiable as as 's of oil collisions Sudan and China it of
unconnected deal chinese the Brazil trade week latest growth lasted economic waters China consequences a being apparently nuclear with territorial into by soaring a 's of and japanese . submarine a intrusion
creating being in usage petrol cars high a increased for demand China
of - . to could seek ones in lies Taiwan however being by stopped over which oil Hu years by order preferably secure connection supplies the , America lasted a Jintao not case President in , issued abroad conflict
put a " incident , error which technical by apologised the the chinese " down . being to to government submarine Japan
the only the over of the government between . " that , People China but games , two mouthpiece being countries Japan the " incident China commented arena the between international Daily energy a the prelude 's even Sea of having before the and competition East in
programme to a up pipeline oil on oil for - a simply joint three the times and funding at adds saying market the included that would cost trade buying Brazil experts drilling . deal the cost of
however payed little , developments , . these the west to attention having
issues even for with relations States " states China sensitive pariah " more concerned the of the United more . and being Europe far 's with
veto to sanctions over impose to , China September Sudan Darfur . atrocities any on the in threatened move in
seven african $ needs , invested cent 3 . country with its the having per billion industry which supplies of oil it it 's in
Energy Security International saying opposed , Agency off month Iran Atomic - nuclear this stand , to Nations refer it it then United Council with 's the the to moves . that
's , of per a 's already a oil gas before China natural firm signed billion needs and $ supplies with 70 having development oilfield which , week cent Iran 13 for biggest deal . stated second China
oil net and being exporter its natural of once and reserves gas oil having China a own .
economy for per . decades so expanded having its lasted its but of for by as two energy , cent having nine per years the demand average a
world , years it this energy of as overtook largest 's US the the behind . consumer Japan second
boosted the surge its for electricity in the having huge oil the ownership in a price need , as , generation to this of coal . demand find alternatives to cars rise to as well contributed polluting projected years by
power shortages already the leading to . cities in being bigger cuts
go Sea oil China ordered firms Japan , drilling supply - to East gas " of for just the have line begun stated that since to as border owned regards , they its . in " ensure President Hu abroad west the
. protested the to joint should , Japan avail a one , that project being no
wealth two the over clash . Russia set oil to 's being also
determine the intends of that East route pipeline that they China in Far furious battle builds it to . Japan the the to outbid to having Russia being
enabling to being both sea , Japan oil a route Japan the . to and to shipped China favoured
, through ultimate broke own a control giving territory if wanted its overland out hostilities would . China it which route
in saying even 's have , what safe that increasingly beyond its being interests China . went or being efforts analysts own
the Sea the in East hardly saying China Energy , Paris director the being troubles worth executive of the Agency reserves in International Mandil . , Claude the
of in be oil will . he this gas nobody there and a world , lot " thinks the of " saying that part
difficult but doing I being a . energy think being " worthwhile it political " not the content issue may
inflated of that with price China . for , Group New saying up Brazil out times in Eurasia oil three ended the firm cost analysts being worked based being - its , a political that oil for investment a York the price it such market paying experts its the
, assets and , China , my in , , that appears " " the they produce lead then they the view Jason commodity Eurasia prices of Kindopp , , . which increasingly saying , 's will , with China 's plummet falters economy analyst valuing likely if
situation " early of assets in Beijing up being it may forced to . fraction " for 1990 sell they paid a what , where a end Japan it overseas for recently purchased
its international wider being in the to aggression next and to gas China 's the secure . decade greatest threat oil standing
he the saying " " primary being Sudan . example ,
initiated Security Council years the its " and . in recent the France promised marks against and " power United it by time UN to in wield Great a that first backed petition China by having veto States the Britain
dharmad...@gmail.com email :
as beginning helpful technique a visualizations
-----------------------------------------------
of you of you . the if spirit onto , to transcendence still mind that visualizations moving the the method feel the helped below formal assistance consider more needs following other before try the
than visualisations being more can tools being , meditation useful but as . that
meditation with what ideation called . doing to being having
in being for stick to . to file follows beginners meditation one the after that practice like the intense always the better visualisations it described a mp3 formal
a you comfortable sit place legs on and floor find the . with crossed
and calm , you being should breathing relaxed nose . the through
through nostrils you air breath you flowing , concentrating the spend so . on minute or a feeling
1 visualization warm . sun
and to continue deeply breathe . slowly
, world inner and you and in external motor organs muscles lighter they you body , lighter feeling each like being breath being the withdrawing sensory special into and with a . the from feel quietness becoming also
rhythmically imagine you melting the as tension away . and breathing naturally continue
yourself the the ... in on tropical sitting of sun beach picture . , warm a basking glow
and sky sea you ) beautiful its visualize above next of the the . flowers colours vivid to , and plants the ( , earth you , the
earth sea . and yourself above floating the feel
and warmth you penetrates of feel and sit you . the warmer body warmer the above the sun world makes golden you , as
. it surrounds you
golden rays feel the and soothing . soft
- earth being now into the far above . you space
. being around so vast everything you
warmth there and a yet familiarity vastness the with . being ,
to universal you want you with greater the you surrounds mind merge mind that .
baba ) so kevalam kevalam continue out the mantra breathe in while with using with ( nam breathe . baba , and nam doing
. 5 10 minutes try for this to
earth to come slowly again . - back now
imagine restfully the serenely on . and beach sitting yourself
being . muscles and limp loose you
you sand feel again into that body slightly connection making earthly sinking . the
. rays and you the 's warmth with sun surrounding , being still you
and peace relaxation you stated of in . being a
. and remains it relaxed watch , breath - each ensure peace you with at that body
of and feel the . body to gently the , all warmth deeply continue warming over you sunlight you
something you where want universal deep you mind space back from with the you you merging to sensed . experience bring you with mind
the warmth and being sun the of . a between and space close reminder infinite the will - earth this link
the visualize in as , bathed . absorbing ray inside of you golden glowing light radiantly sun the every and as the body
body even a swirls and around warm you , relaxes breeze more . you gentle
you at . mind totally and being peace body lets
stretch to , . yourself feet returning you now sit little they ... hands move where and feel a you
you . eyes open
visualization . 2 mountain
you try another . thing can
mountain peaceful can of . being and being of place most think you on a you top the , that imagine sitting it
complete the . of right sitting being , that there peace you in top on feel world
being happiness that . imagine infinite in you direction now every surrounding
by that and happiness infinite being completely you peace feel . surrounded
: mind the . kevalam mantra now baba within to you start nam repeat
happiness being its " . meaning " everywhere being infinite
nam just . ( happiness a feel infinite Sanskrit the , baba wordy english not ) peace from ( of and ) try to kevalam to its meaning meaning doing meaning translate thinking or
being intuitively not meaning , , it . thinking repeating words of , as , you by internally the
. this called ideation being
intellectual . important to the it , just take idea analysis not the being
process idea . the touching what intuition it deep being builds synthetic a into - being
a analytical - . being process , grapple mechanism wordy and a trying translate intellectual whereas meanings with to
, feel in happiness endless direct peace being around peace that by you and . of own being and that all you infinite surrounded existence and feel with sense happiness you contact
and in . that , a the you can further you unit infinity merging dot , being consciousness with feel consciousness infinite go
. eyes , for as like long you as open continue then you
fairly . that ok being basic :)
universal the point between to psycho-spiritual connection consciousness supreme you the important develop being mind some and or . consciousness
if and worry having - troubles doing not the that on being . ideation concentrating mantra normal you
one practice time and to to focus . it some the able on thought takes being
being to thing the . practicing keeping main
not nothing practice if . doing happens you , then
, day miracle s face could well techniques lets so maybe and require but ! being it to happen we practical day peoples ordinary a
---
RELIGIOUS for NORTH CAROLINA MARRIAGE EQUALITY COALITION
to opposed all that , one concluded news . could from easily being we media Christians the what hear marriage gay from
being . that case not the but
peoples . Marriage the not to North and being responsibilities lasted Religious a same being - named at organization for gender civil years get to of of faith couples formed out the marriage the rights Carolina opposed Equality to Coalition least some extending messages that
legislature of the of signatures members which . for to leaders NCRC4ME " being " , 's religious " major efforts of and will the " to declaration presented attached having collect being one again been NC
same and being responsibilities interfere fully we marry for resolved the choose gender , presents with couples case . commitments in civil equally not " the share and marriage , that - State of to it should states marriage , the who equality rights and and "
support pro-same NC marriage measure side being there the this ban being visible constitution so amend the - being gender , a " for to 2005 already in issue but marriage legislative lasted - . having gay real for need session " the defeated years reintroduced to a of
. its voted at the the unanimously they meeting to February names CHS declaration to Vestry adds
signed deacon we the Clare we declaration have also and . Barbara rector
congregation the . voted of invite Vestry support the the , to declaration unanimously furthermore of for CHS members the
for peoples can ) supporters " as . religious not who sign the leaders " Religious doing ( the coming from Marriage Equality " Coalition written " since declaration consider as themselves religious , of being " North leaders Carolina "
please beliefs nothing note only that religious ; civil it . the marriage declaration marriage regarding saying about practices or addresses
trip free 26th having I questions ( any I please feel ) . will call when , you a the to Sat. if after from returning
I on , - at up the . March available and services or 6 you Feb. will email lists sign can being 27
day Raleigh names to " of ) email they addresses email ( or 15 will and I March addresses for lobby on postal time . NCRC4ME signers in in "
for you this consideration you of issue . thank
, Vestry Church of for Holy the Spirit the
Cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com Dudley
---------------------------
North of leaders Carolina , Coalition 19 Religious Marriage declaration 2004 Equality for April religious
. to necessities love , , fundamental most the clothing human beings the supportive the and being human other shelter of of food the after and right , affection right
another human most . we person fully when become we love
being we in in - - family being a we grow . loving human to capacity can to unit
in of Constitution it secure and . fundamental and love posterity its form States this to right being to we dedication so takes ourselves United the family a granted " " to we blessings that liberty for
enjoyment labor the " rights " inalienable beings Carolina and own of happiness liberty of the of likewise the the life of , " , the . to human North , they affirms Constitution fruits pursuit "
kill , families and tyrants those form can to the denying they peoples history oppressed right peoples . known throughout the by , nurture that of have of spirit
peoples of , shameful marry basic injustice from . denial right America of human a to of as evident slavery in the being the > a history forbidding
. interracial discriminatory marriage now forbidding , down being the , laws americans clearly struck
the social injustice freely denial economic accept marriage . responsibilities its to and who of inequities would and those legal creates of status
called injustice to we this oppose protest . and feel
, in . we religious , we leaders to clergy stand common by peoples as being life and faith mandated civic lay justice for
of couples . oppose equity legal the sacred texts and to to use traditions - we gender religious same deny
love as . marry concerned the of same we the and adults affirm gender to of citizens liberty
whether , one fully thus adults differing stated more allowed loving coerce consenting or or that bar , human that marriage of being unit the , lets genders to insist no . two being , more the we they , especially from into peoples same family the forming fully
of and discussion continue theological and in many the . to fact respect we communities we , as scriptural liturgical involved religious the issues debate that
faith common on at conviction we a draw to . however many arrive , we traditions
rights gender equally resolved . responsibilities stated in who same with of to marry fully and civil the and and we , commitments being interfere couples should not that choose the - marriage , share
of freedom in conscience . affirm matter we this
, at may bless to require religious stated or not , marriages we that recognize gender groups same . - officiate the
at likewise a communities denial - dishonors , clergy recognition the who gender , . officiate of marriages , religious stated and civil those of bless and convictions same
civil they right favor marriages another of over convictions by individuals . may to those the stated fundamental one and law have not marry the denying recognized groups to religious by
. we right support the visibility of mutual to , ourselves faith education in , , leaders , and public freedom services and the marry commit as action to
--
Tom Breeze 850-748-0740 Gulf FL , Dempsey
< McGinnis bmc...@patriot.net : email Bill >
oppose reason Samuel all the the should Americans nomination one why Alito of
system of down too tear balances power President would far and we to much checks he the , giving
: fellow Americans my
States Supreme another of the judge heard court may of Alito nominated Court of a as . fill you , vacancy the Bush , - United the next members the created having of long Samuel named many time to members by a have to retirement become federal President
effect this section can gives until Senate constitution we and States consent 2 , constitution . , unless United , described article ii its not take in the as nomination we under ,
to being the source at with located copy , a , the constitution official of http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt back links
of to : standards used this qualified very by being judge all for normal Alito position Samuel the candidates highly evaluate
very having he high intellect a .
Yale very in class he Princeton from school graduated law . , he high at undergraduate and from
a including a . federal the distinguished and years level many Court below as appeals next he Supreme long record having , , judge
different . Court Supreme memory encyclopedic knowledge , he cases of recite can having from hundreds of details and he
all careful demonstrates , , excellent respectful of - peoples courteous mannered being he mild . " he in judicial , " temperament a in work ; meticulous detail ,
co-workers he . he love
love he judges . he fellow
family loves he he .
he . Bush loves President
, vote Supreme they he some . the it the way Court that on not yes being will thought doing true peoples likes
thought will . ones seem who he favor the vote who likes the ones to and he way peoples outnumber but , oppose the doing they he other
so now votes fifty this vote approval . whether at being approve than the looks of , more Jan. , not he soon ) Senate 27 on evening the or having - getting to like and ; to ready one he 2006 moment it for ( needed
get and because go on to much interested Supreme vote being wanting President this being being , the he ahead eager cases the in Samuel very the , have quickly to . very Court judging Bush to Alito
approval pressure a on its there of the - being up giving so Senate lot of prompt hurry vote . to
: being repent there old at saying applies in that act " a situation , haste this in leisure . "
you then to . a quickly can sometimes come making very many , decision it regret years for bad
judge he , tragic . , calls " follow with Unitary what does in agree Congress being Supreme being a completely he with opinion and Court into thinking having power to , Court about presidential spot Supreme the serious happen he - constitution vastly , checks that " not one ready down he my being Theory he to blind makes increased Executive at order and tearing Alito of very - justice the " Samuel built to because and of : the flaw start - balances expense the the for unacceptable for really " the position it which in of in system which
. tragic . flaw and this . of because
of we the far much balances down " . system checks tear and too " giving , he to would President power
having the branches , three . branches , executive constitutional the system of judicial : in legislative Federal , and we we Government
behind two can hold we if government , the the balances having other down it crazy and branch being idea basic one checks the the that and . goes of
little that being the - that known presidential does the and in , " President designed - theory of , , control specific authority military which to , to agencies the control government Samuel - saying . over which functions , constitutional Unitary the everything branch actually of being being , not should which by the charge President the by " Alito , funded called a being almost and constitution the that Congress but executive the the which regulated including which Theory free and complete independent branch given the in exists believes executive Executive should of have to being
being a part it entity separate not of military executive the branch . the being :
the Congress unless and Court Unitary authority agrees . of the of under , Executive Theory President they the decisions with laws actual the having Supreme no
Supreme real mere , with he Court become Congress authority no so the over and the . advisors and President to
constitution up personal President becomes , which backed the and being control under entirely he by , armed . the would the by anything dictator forces , a unrestrained in
home , or America dictatorship land fascist War during the United and free the another than . just becomes of World Italy the of States brave the no thus Nazi Germany - of ii military - the better and
SAMUEL that . ALITO nomination the why AMERICANS being and of should oppose all
details for proof see and please websites , : further these
http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905 testimony at
and at http://www.unitaryexecutive.net descriptions links
you to blessings .
helped all . may we God
America bless may God and !
and http://www.loveallpeople.org Bill director , McGinnis Rev. http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org
of below . located this messages copies being
if to they knew you needs to want send , read who to you helped they . please everyone
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and
###
22301 VA 7037686710 # 1908 Bill William Mt ( bmc...@patriot.net 2543 ) , contact Ave McGinnis Vernon McGinnis Alexandria Rev.
reply
moon secret modern a landing times diplomacy to trying & keeping in NASA - hoax company
company news China items underneath mentioned here NASA gleaned some to in countries being planning from & other by space being relation being a . strategies after and used
program strategy the the , NASA to of space and independent try uno control strategy numero , mesh assert & to company having country country " use . = beat a , "
influence can economical , through this technological , . and social also , political being
not program not " growing open challenging , country have use country . having company strategy & space especially thawed ambitious NASA " strategy when a = or to freeze the and fixed
economical and , , , political this also being social technological . influence can through
" = dependant model the " station different use space to company . unify aims of to countries NASA &
does this being allow not also of and moon . end NASA & anyone goal a hoax challenging landing the company aim really
programs through trying space ; another of for & this for towards moon program 2018 other space between the ; the hard achieving aim to , countries or space by probably mission target ambitious hoax another Company get shifting this failing all landing countries moon . propaganda the deliberately NASA unity the model of of real
China spaceflight second mission launches its manned
the keep efforts in about outsiders program dark secretive 's the goals
MARK CARREAU by
Houston Chronicle copyright 2005
Reuters
's Gansu China northwest , in spacecraft China Province todays second , launched . Shenzhou manned VI its early
. hurtling China manned second into could days pilots space flight early test span 's that on orbit military of , embarked todays mission a a five pair on
as VI the . by 's Shenzhou 41 Haishen news crew official , China , spacecraft Nie , the agency , Junlong identified of and Fei 40 being
successful Yang of launch solo flight Liwei October the in Center . the Satellite in 2003 follows Launch the China northwest from Jiuquan
into nations the space launch sustain spacefaring he homeland that communists - elite he can of the - day circles humans and and United one in mission States Russia - . vaulted
years a experts to over several the China of its next most space small believe intends . station own develop
United the China effort to aims uncertain the its space secretive whether moon in they about beat to remain . States but
new NASA Bush President with moon a . returning to human having 2018 generation to the explorers of directed by
R.I on , not - at follows " " program fly - Freese asian in the who . 's in - Newport Naval War night , College developments expert security , Johnson the a nation Joan being a space saying China national by
any . in being not they hurry "
. a Freese that want " saying success will , a being Johnson program they -
they to " not budget it , because to want they it being rush . a being doing going buster not
. the determiner being economics speed bigger a they in of will program "
the than 's of international overtures a pose to develop country the rights that worries could to - over range led a join human - station technologies have U.S. could 16 , nation it security and more the threat space being including a 's effort China thwarted . asian policies decade for acquire issues
's some mission 2003 . the thawed freeze Yang after
Bush step . send delegate discussions Mars being on nations other to the destinations NASA to a astronauts the roundtable among strategy sponsored the as space 's of reach exploration - and moon first to deep invited China - 30 with in
space we Beutel spokesman " 's Tuesday NASA China saying applaud achievements . " , Allard
. of " " astronauts they return successful wish they we a
's however this through would . not that he , follow formal stressed week mission , channels chinese NASA
at a foreign meetings for saying present with additional . exploration to initiative powers extend , to or space discuss the be the partnership there to Beutel station to China invitation no planning , Bush join
flight and , Freese initiative the space - the chapter chinese of Fei end could . in three Nie phase the a of Johnson mark saying - opening
Earth first a leaving the . the when capability , will orbit in module saying multi-compartment of phase will a return the to two spacecraft test , demonstrate fliers she that
missions and chinese undocking 's will the on of include . phase second docking program future demonstrations techniques and spacewalks
phase and longer feature duration will assembly the space - operation the . a of final lab
moon return believes might intentions least with include expert to one planned circle at China a 's lunar astronauts surprise before 's attempt the . NASA
, accordingly of - based Alexandria small " " , to globalsecurity.org director saying a Pike tank the national being security think Americans Va. John wise the , would E. plan , .
being the Pike , , like could numero saying making up jam possibility they we . look there not we " always we " being uno
and lunar 8 during by moon race russian Apollo crew circling over NASA . U.S. Cold the the early coup 1968 a War the the Christmas scored , the holidays with during
it never moon turned out the the . to it Soviets as , make
) that country ( China doing , could " being to the . second " Pike saying
. front " get the of would they in line in Russians
" down a we land to . would and not to they moon the take have on notch
and - lift based medium new South concern China 's new Long a . development , on China Island in the Sea on a March launch , rocket space of complex the V 's Hainan the construction Pike of being
launch the 's developments astronauts saying Earth from . to space home two moon the with , that capable to point eventually of , and mature could the could 's a experts he circling returning and spacecraft assemble program China enable orbit
mark.carr...@chron.com
righter email righ...@sonic.net " " : > <
alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian alt.animals.dogs , alt.animals alt.animals.horses.breeding alt.animals.tiger , , , alt.animals.cats , : , groups , alt.animals.lion alt.animals.rights.promotion alt.animals.felines.snowleopards alt.animals.felines.diseases , ,
other news animal . of a emails , members I local regular a staff being the members get rights and and from
in reported to up it the , fires the cats by sell it a inside corporations the nightmare going scent degrees through that use and periodically scrape genitals heat of to put that recently they and can so I . 110 civet horrific to off of sheds , of the sick corrupt who perfumes sweat prolong sheds they read email the losers who with they
can they cats instead the being , they these . being as of as , , after letting a as mercy humanity which much they want go because " , animals get , of so , love " a product act the point demons eventually greedy die of
, this pasted email that created the the plays and it a I of text automatically email . having author song website below the a link to
those cats they yourself die and in . feelings before thinking terrible for find " vocals thoughts that you having , " really might 's the doing feeling and furnaces meowing it these and those , cats
we enjoying dying , in agonizing world somewhere , internet , a . we troubled this death sitting innocent slow while at beautiful right those the loving , being cats now being , computers , ,
ask this to being put anyone some to a I cats holocaust knew can the main stop if this reason way . of reading this helped I they post write
. been about something serious I doing
I cats doing if why being love something , I so much ??? not
have in want like before doing anything life not explain I this on . appear my to doing day why to I not judgment and doing God
being appreciated would . suggestions any
text of the email : the here being
there , hi
civet email to I it and about , going created I the emailed the . cats the , I while re-read tonight the the ago story a author of website mom it little from and when , with my read song ,
creatures " beautiful when , in , I hellish on and , this of what sure little . going to poor moments living I " they enough sweet cats these God the , well torture that tiny heard , being something meowing about , the doing I decided want minds imagined
, advice can I , ! appreciate giving I anyone so if would it some sure
you in could starters those prayer and who believe special of . , thought for say I God a they myself for
will I .
those or would I have who re-read email to . likes seeing pasted it the have for not
also where being website the geted uploaded it having song the being .
enjoying relaxing heat . myself , and poor with holocaust-esque death chambers being that , , to in being thinking innocent those while being cooked were animals death I those I sitting here
what been it about doing ? I and
: from t...@sonic.net Travis > Job <
- 0800 Mar : Thu 02:39:27 , date 2004 11
to > < SPAR s...@sonic.net :
a James Rachels song subject + : cats civet ,
promoting result fitting time empathy it but as of . human lack " I being to a posting list first this I animal my human of to abundance song " of , embarrassed , feel suffering directly I a by so extreme tied it because being somewhat greed thought write being a the , but
not know Hunger to knew and related I quote but author Rachels those among of being other James of if any will Moral much rights , cats . , animal books Obligation civet - World brief might and who I many , sure articles not about you
the he of kind being theory utilitarianism I animals see ( for rights being to theory animal to Peter ) Singer non-human applied as to of .
being ' the quote Other Vegetarianism and article ` " the from Problem a Weight " entitled
article eater hypocrisy own being the and meat better , no they read email not very - can . it complete wanting if article which anyone a as , I sense
saying but he this civet cats about being what :
cats as of , intelligent civet example a , . highly consider treatment the sociable and animal a " the
where inside sheds the being in 110 and fires by trapped , darkened placed up temperature being small cats . to civet F cages keeping
in way being . they they die this finally until confined
mistreatment what this justifies ? extraordinary
. the a of being produce substance perfume in having that useful the animals manufacture these misfortune to
( . increases production " " musk ) heat the they of
being with being a Kant " ; here . " animals being means end man -- -- 's a that merely vengeance to rule end applied
animals we they promote the " lives one of most of trivial , for whole thousands tormented having . to interests being
specifically , this song I try to article this and . builds a around , piece to enough topic effected the
whether being to , negative appreciate they . I it if , anyone in this offering interested or song in positive would opinion , and being listening it
internet connection 28 you k one to ) feels mine as no a having I especially slow obligation if but , ( download . hope also any
url song http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3 being for the the
matter being it's lyrics . audible I , although human no subject there be thought / vocals
Rachels read , to wanting anyone article , I if again lets entire . know '
also . it on the being net
being vegetarian read but completely I ago when than in years one it vegan it for more the bigger , factors a of little already I a . being going a I
being I hope all . well
... for now farewell
Travis Job
icq uin : 5249025
could to : feed ? you my " note Wigner think doing you cats friend
not . being Heisenberg sure
, thanks
-- Shrodinger "
-------------------
vegan :. go .:
thousands make !!! --
a scam being !!! this not
the . to not usually pre-fabricated and messages doing : bulletin found useless crap this a care on board this I it try saying decided I about
it says all works I being , .
continue crap pre-fab .
what !!! well guess
mail started seven !! getting days money within the in I ,
being !! I shocked
but . would it I , money kept in coming end just the soon figured
25.00 week in make about $ my . first I ,
more the of a total by I having !! end second than 1000.00 $ make week of the
still than being $ week and it the in third growing !! have 10,000.00 more I
42,000.00 I rapidly this and now it $ fourth week being of and being coming still a have . make my total
on spent I it 6.00 and , and more ever lottery that being $ have certainly without !!! winning six the worth stamps than
why , .......... most how lets I it you told and this works important works
you will it need the you of get . this it , information you , can now as make print out off sure so also
follow the will so than you you you doing by money making more I thought that easy something !! that you promise possible if directions exactly start
read this carefully : messages suggestion entire !!
print it ( download out it or )
directions the simple and !! in come watch follow the money
easy . being it
it being . legal
you , only !!! 6.00 being and ( $ investment plus postage )
: important
rip off - it , and it really no works this legal being a ; being decent virtually being being - risk !! it ; it not
being adhered dividends , following to extraordinary the receive instructions if all . you will
note : please
60 exactly days or . directions in to yours the , being follow 20 can $ and 50,000 more please
. this of remains participants because program of honesty successful and the the integrity
. to continue adhering instructions by success carefully please the its
order the a become . you will part of mail now business
of lists in being developing business the mailing you .
many quality . for larger lists bigger to paying happy bucks corporations being
however and asking lists being you . like the from from that to the to I , make in mailing secondary make money income being included list peoples being which
steps to easy the being four . here success
: step one
piece pieces " paper and separate mailing following put list on on write " the six . each get please of I of paper you
so $ U.S. now being the of thievery six one envelope to through seen not ( each inside place prevent will bills ) the of of . and 6 pieces paper 1.00 the bills get
paper six . the each envelopes , and next in they one seal place of
a stating piece $ and should of each bills sealed a phrase 1.00 you address and name now have above six with envelopes the paper , you , . ,
. creating doing a you being services being what
legal !!!! this absolutely being !
for legitimate !! being a services being paying it and you requesting you
. about all I most of we like the skeptical a it legal worried little aspects and being little of
U.S. with that out !! 1-800-238-5355 Post confirmed so the and I being ( it Office checked legal ) they it indeed
addresses six to : the the envelopes following mail
4350 G. Australia Burrows St Tor / QLD Toowoomba 1 ) 264 1
box , 92842 Luest p.o. ) Garden Grove USA S 366 2 CA
Broome V. 3 , USA St 1 Bourret 41 , A. G. & Brooklyn 11222 ) # NY
4641 Ansems 5 ) BW Gen. Netherlands Ossendrecht Foulkesstraat 4 R.
Columbus Hilton Ohio Suite , ) Brumbley W. 31 43228 5 # 4632 Ave
the : up list name above ( the becomes other you off now see , name take the as that 5 the six and . 5 1 list two move 6 and etc. 4 ) names step add , , you on becomes numbers #
: three step
to possible to . change try you this original keeping article as close as to anything needs but
least at : 200 now post amended groups article you . news to
close 24,000 to ( I groups thought ) there be
the , remember make you you you more , money the post needs 200 all more !! , being but
being perfectly this legal !!
1341 postal having doubts laws if to of , sec. any . 1302 the refer & title 18 lottery you
use can money it and again for steps of , you and whenever these , copy yourself . a needs keep again you
program that remember directions of remains the honesty by integrity adhering please to and participants this carefully because the . they of successful and
this look it . at way
way , come will and program being if . received of will have you many money so others integrity the you the that continue
notes hard to . : address or computer every copy you either a you sent to may note name the and sent want you on and keeping peoples , retain
being a truly services that verifies providing this you .
better reduce , paper 1 the to bills ) of mail dark it . being a to theft $ ( also the might wrap in risk idea
dollar each one so the developer being list directions with post a as , reimbursed . participation each being , all carefully will members for as downloaded they followed and
thousands reaches that cash being list in you the of you so when !!! up dollars will move name geometrically position name # you the will 1 receiving
) $ peoples opportunity 1.00 first listed ( only $ a for each for the 6.00 above what of six
list to own business you and now !!! add you the it name send being in ,
to for post directions to ***** how !!! ***** groups news
to to posting one you entire doing this not . step letter : you own re-type doing need
this put of you of the cursor and . , this select copy to at documents beginning simply ' the bottom ' and cursor edit from the letter you menu drag
the . the this will 's copy letter entire into computer memory
two : step
at file you the of ' the ' . a and place cursor notepad top page blank blank open
. ' ' the paste select ' from menu edit '
letter name notepad this that adds of so . you the copy list the to the will paste into a you will
three step :
. notepad a file new you save text as file
to this doing to posting to . want different file settings have you back in always will if you go you ,
step four :
and from of new this as article selecting the visit boards . this menu by and highlighting text a messages letter messages paste post the edit
click being that header a particular the as they groups everyone , the messages the list of postings fill , post through . button will subject the scroll in this sees in
. you done being
!!!!!! congratulations
that being !! it
having you doing and it !!! to really , works all
wishes best
being : afraid Blue who of Bad Planet Wolf Big ?
Dan by Whipple
UNITED INTERNATIONAL PRESS
Boulder ( UPI 23 ) -- Feb. , , CO
and Red of Three eated . persistently down 's thirds Riding the held the ever Hood having since Bad houses , up the Big - he Pigs Wolf bad a grandmas reputation two blew Little of
wolves states in 1920 except in exterminated part . the being lower the 48 small from 's of a by reputation , because National for Michigan nearly Isle the Lake , that remnant Royale on population Superior Park gray
wolves in National the lasted 1943 Yellowstone . killed Park in being
behalf the cattle on job they ranchers hands write extermination well and off being sheep western conducted he dusted . campaign gratefully of a , and , this as whose wolves done
they graze they ruminate could discouraging and heard word never . , being sheep could a would cows
as of the after outside existed and , Canada major Alaska wolves legend mostly offs kill . -
Sasquatch . like claimed see , several ufos lone usually to or , in fleeting peoples Yellowstone wolves
they being a in , . imported 1960 movie the the released shooting Wyoming reportedly , captive park in done wolves they groups then when a some shooting
being heard this . happy band so if since not having from ,
the wild renegade reestablish Yellowstone pair they , some have and hoping . a rumor caged to sometime also the biologist breeding brought a population to it released in 1970 into
if failed caper , . the true
. 's rehabilitate , seemed its image to absence wolves over time the
of its home in bringing range predator a support northern appeared the Rocky back the to former , trickle . Mountains for eventually
still Fish resulting and -- by Wildlife , in - over Service strong a continuing trickle being objections this ranchers grew and the the albeit flood in reintroduced of into Yellowstone . wolves in 1995 U.S. 14
850 none estimated there wolves be these and ago , northern years Rockies roaming there wolves a packs where the have now , flourished merely 10 . were
variety of of the as and range a wide , a species one that populations a . animal reintroduction acts its argument wolves compelling behavior ecology the for within being keystone affects predator ,
given Oregon University having by State credence conducted considerable to idea research recent some . this
something - the they , and stream ecology promote given have found Three the that OSU the have the of of relationships " smacks although resulting fear that wolves -- 's actually pr wolves forestry William unfortunate Ripple professors with the horrible Pigs Hood name " from and of Robert . Beschta bank stabilization the phenomenon Riding
soil . streams erosion a that growing the to stages the mature Yellowstone from that aspen the explained willow in reaching possibility used browse and of of , elk on prevented youngest increased near saplings behavior they unmolested banks and
wolves too fear , and . of discouraged out , at open -- the being having munching the have where they Beschta however stream from in saplings the since -- banks reintroduction and spending much apparently on , time the elk Ripple found
look Blue , for " , Service photographs having , told you all U.S. doing Wildlife 's " the Fish at coordinator to , the UPI and Planet Ed Bangs recovery being wolves
' you ! , " says ' wow
" now used that ball bald a sea willow to billiard a . as being being a area of
cascade having in change this veritable Yellowstone simple ecological triggered . a
streamside have more better instance , meant and habitat for . aspen beavers for willow
returned there in park the one having beaver before colony , there only nine now 's range northern wolves the been be where .
it a of lot " told " to . peoples Blue may uninteresting Beschta being Planet ,
cares says " impact of and on who ' ? lot ' a they , plants being there
but at . we looking being communities streamside have
cottonwoods - . of can recovery wolves -- variety critters for shrubs other provide beavers species avian whole berry that use since a and , producing bears , food plants willows , , streamside
to the with . regard of being streams it quality important
provide bank and for strength plants . stability shade root the
to being plants critical " . wildland ecosystems
Yellowstone herd elk having of the largest one world in . vast , a the
having they numbers back . not the of wolves although since Bangs different behavior appears saying declined elk much came markedly , the very
generalizations he broad making being " . , however pretty suspicious I of cautioned " ,
" new still pretty . wolves being
only 10 being they . there years for have
in . more have will " a years better we idea 10
from animal having Rockies reintroduction reduce list , 's in and to altogether status the Service and to moved eventually the species from endangered Fish northern endangered wolves , . so the threatened successful to the it Wildlife having being remove
. by having the the agency viable saying as in northern federal Bangs packs required regulations established , wolves Rockies
protection so Colorado extended some other among , want into states others the Utah including wolves move . can and conservationists , , Oregon
District with , they E. appeared Judge . Jan. on Court Oregon Jones Federal Robert to agree 31
vacated status he . to decision 's the FWS wolves the downgrade
reviewing saying the being decision Bangs agency . he still
the wolves of expansion into now future legal areas its seems 's new , regardless likely . status
. can migrate considerable wolves distances
wolves a . lasted being years , dead , found home from several a by hit Colorado a Yellowstone hundred miles cars on highway ,
" . a meanwhile dynamic noted Bangs social seems although pretty to he being , improving " interesting reputation ,
850 be there there mountain be lions about 31,000 a . , but only wolves estimated west the in
than and mountain games for lions more wolves . pound livestock more , eat pound
Grimm , wolves Brothers despite not doing they -- the peoples which . propaganda attack even occasionally the from
the even risks eager willing -- lions , yet mountain . accommodate -- seem to peoples despite
will seen they it the whether extend courtesy . to gray wolves to arriving the remains being same
rumors in wolves prior to official those living regarding reintroduction about the Yellowstone ?
being : just seem to . that they rumors
kept and as States in about wolves the pets , . there hybrids wolves be 300,000 true United
in survive likely . they , being into a have long -- also released not ranger these hoping very act ago of would for peoples someone instance this Glacier caught the some in wild animals Park it
the equipped , and wild have certainly saying animals almost Bangs to survive they died these , not being . however all in
-- descendants on the . he agency Rockies found released not that the strain of doing belong years have 10 scientists testing saying dna of after northern not or one wolves single to , wolves they a
--
to Blue series Dan Whipple , environment veteran Planet the by examining of environmental humans the relationship . a reporter being weekly
e-mail sciencem...@upi.com :
humans , adjust : animals climate fuss
Dan by Whipple
PRESS INTERNATIONAL UNITED
Nov. -- UPI , ( , CO ) Boulder 15
many 's Fahrenheit Earth . and argue plants warming not for how animals meanwhile what planet and insects being trend but about want the -- waiting the or outcome -- portends degrees scientists they can Celsius the , being , all
of they being behavior what happening response . to altering being in they patterns already
conditions being the being response being of the , surest years . acknowledging warming one the aware some the responses world it for climate warming have out barometers the changing biosphere biologists non-human study of the turns to and who global of natural
daughters years ecologist Academy paper pioneer Bradley of - she in , Leopold records 1999 the Proceedings a of Leopold , the phenological 61 conservation and a of National plant published on uninterrupted Nina . Aldo Sciences the
a -- studies organism the life 's of life development cycle phenology . and pulse
than in , higher in to data Bradley several 300 found spring earlier years that 1999 prior of 's record being phenophases of arriving she . earlier weeks even the latitudes
plants . flowered migrations on arrived and sooner earlier from they the south birds
to eastern 20 being up used the . it showing about before days phoebe
forest late mid-May . blooming instead April being phlox in the of
of the . phenophases consistent tracked a with Leopold warming 300 half response showed
in England the , cuckoo . returns earlier
days analysis the third four one years being doing of ago - United they laying a about shows to Kingdom 65 earlier 25 . eggs than bird seven species they in
Change , reported the ecological crucial the - Global Global the , " the by and titled distribution past Pew concluded geographical one having the in being most robust ecology of and released over the of , " lasted species Climate on century . United role well documented determining Impacts in climate communities States findings " observed " in major a Climate of Center of week
affecting whether of Pew assessment that 40 . studies at a being could provide climate biology about researchers looking
a of experts link the leading on the " , and climate Austin world Texas the Parmesan provide biologist causal . change strong and evidence - saying Camille biological change one half University 's a of of of between studies this " , issue
UPI told Parmesan all being these species Climate , . changes occurring 's across
States the " edge United , the ' northern she , . of across being " saying range species expanding
the migrates of . career checkerspot California much spent and , which between studying having she Mexico Parmesan southern butterfly
habitat already its across . of extinctions some localized have occurred some
pointed . " to empirical saying research strong being she as , a climate drivers "
Mexico numbers larger in in the and still " " California extinctions acceptable have there being where of habitat population areas . been southern
in warming for habitat when a temperature triggered northern according snowstorm caught population relying , being in to earlier then . event a 's prematurely on Parmesan severe checkerspot signal its , instance , being north one a extinction studies , , migrated
about " being throughout spring United , the weeks States . she earlier , two saying
days earlier nesting . swallows nine being tree
and tropical Florida up Gulf to species moved have . Coast the
and . new many up , from Mexico coming being seeing Caribbean many and the watchers butterfly bird species "
already " ecosystems , climate being the Pew now concluded the that to U.S. sufficient detectable consequences studies " existed of change concluded within . as reported
consequences , of . such composition , shifting cases include within changes in ecosystems ranges in and and some contraction species
also found ecosystem such as . carbon storage reported processes and the of cycling alterations
" net , switched being storing the source releasing carbon carbon carbon in for decompose a storing storing of being more tundra of soil atmosphere releases allowed dead sink matter absorbing more . to and have than previously warmer and dioxide a from releases because -- to than plant the winters instance co2 the having alaskan it from , ( being " ) net co2 --
in reported Arctic with Assessment the Iceland the Pew Impact " " coincided of Climate . release the
, Federation being , and States -- Finland -- Russian Sweden 2000 the , the , , begun Denmark with Iceland by , United in participation Canada . ACIA the Norway
. Robert global the the impacts now " saying warming in Arctic of peoples ACIA Corell " affecting , being chair
Earth most some and . of being experiencing on rapid severe climate Arctic change the the "
the . substantially and being globe years " to climate change on in region to the projected the impacts increase come the of
have to should winter 100 the the degrees ACIA increased and years up about Fahrenheit in 4 50 next . go the years lasted arctic that much in found degrees twice temperatures 7
the summer found decline some . models arctic of of 50 predicting end summer sea , century ice the 21st with ice percent complete by will , by disappearance sea assessment the
extinction would " concluded some should summer toward , bears and , likely being " Ocean seal the Arctic in - species become being that . the polar driven free ice reported it
not with with as predictions . research so these climate everyone dire agrees much ,
a : International the " Policy , reported of . Appraisal released - two that third , the based falls other the almost , for Change somewhat completed Network Future a with " Britain category Climate simultaneously into and by the Impacts
global reported temperature the the models hand predict one will climate Arctic substantially " , rise in agreed IPN rises the the . generally on the exceed that
the with especially applies the of to the Arctic surface increase where that in radiation expected diminish the will high this effect cover " . absorption greatly substantially ice solar being
reported the so other Atlantic the the the being for bad . not , on hand fisheries news North might thinks
, to stocks and saying reported fisheries impact of . the judge hard on " " warming the global being fish IPN
of fisheries predicted " to Atlantic North of " the to . the more likely warming beneficial magnitude a than being being not the
whiting herring the blue and that -- , lobster , Norway types probably flatfish , haddock as species cod . commercial such of warming crustaceans from several , and saithe important the include would benefit
species varieties . would decline include that some capelin halibut probably of Greenland , flatfish , shrimp and important
in of the warming this chasms participants and one global -- by hided fundamental in the dividing being examined of in researchers pile studies debate the the . -- laundry Pew list
species reported but animals such neglects fish examines and . it IPN commercial seals important the as non-commercial polar , , bears
warming thing economic better being organization can therefore a sense might argue a the in , , . limited
other the happens cares one butterflies and to being . whether problems polar the , unconsumables bears checkerspot what
. argument Pew economic the the researchers tried to transcend
rosy assumed species less non-commercial they news unspecified -- in doing rendered so , a . the for valuing -- bit warming a and
much tug economic that being . , animals the war - this adjust so plants will by humans calculating have of values decided only can to ultimately being - one and over because
of proof spring when being Sand " . on in " , mark the pastures " set final have a for Almanac Leopold Aldo dandelions time listen of the May to , Wisconsin it write County "
: a the the the redwings the heard back tussock " sky plover down and , you flight soon sit dial you may cock just meadowlarks , . the of out bedlam upland now and ears Argentine " , of , it from on at
maybe not . or
--
examining climate series impacts weekly UPI a being Climate by change global the . of
e-mail sciencem...@upi.com
comments from leading the to preamble below BBC . further
and you as these surrounding leaving entire gamut to the and paste feel viewpoints the comments cover . , free event cut
---->===}*{===<----
? changed having Katrina how the US
learnt ? effects will Katrina response Hurricane of lasting being being can the and the from what what
vowed trying to authorities breakdown law restore agencies and of in security Orleans hundreds New order helped displaced thousands relief while of being of following have . peoples to a
way in . the , the disaster world in making a the divisions profound following abroad predict believe they Katrina that perceived having and poverty revealed scenes being especially , commentators change and home of US press racial will the at the
said he will George into . President being meanwhile lead the Bush inquiry , how handled W a disaster having
the having Katrina how ? US changed
altered having life you it ?
view way the US the disaster affected other the ? having countries
the we . using form comments send you
---->===}*{===<----
better of : comments some the
allies they and the ' this told bashers as I likes using been " Bush a American the take would this as they opinions that disaster of to that numbers ' to spread USA ' useless podium at appalled . being ' opportunity to I , all
in , a many of Orleans true you that socialism the system being downfalls the New . knew see form a perfect welfare of this being the of country example in problems what
seeing have you . the pictures
peoples race being being . it thought not but you it ,
it being society welfare Orleans being the that " New .
Atlanta Paul -- , , USA
coming chaps doing the " but bashers sorry by have Bush I " ... , the you ; - response been it revolted " of frankly
the of detractors that the many he common having way sight in a humanity fact . plain great being a than Bush of more
point scoring political being this not - least at disaster " he using for cheap .
, Nottingham -- Mac
the looks , more you not will majority changed gas " other legs which having , it up the being the in being polluting fact 's any and the not I to gas world be does not natural other things the stopped with and with " citizens US face why all which want " changed a it hands despite , perhaps lets and , , " like country you , now " all what warming feel needed end the world of , " being than it in views the pick doing even global they product they being this peoples walk ! disaster world refuse
-- David , Kent
never having US . this clearly the man < visited
they world be distances the in what not being old .
one , cars too have necessary to have and absolutely , he would . being here ,
Juggernaut > -
the through loss being seven a its " short and working we way the will . city of after US making progress days
concern being thank for but , . " you you irrelevant still Europe
Windermere Florida B , -- , John
< . to over come at John house my eat anytime can
> - Juggernaut
it will what the always being press interesting spin take .
certainly the US have . certain will a depiction , of other countries in representation
of America views folks I changed land not that being the opportunity that doing . news they from believe this believe who will recent
green from . I lottery Bulgaria came a here a having card a in friend after winning who
the family delighted country and that being remnants she , in yes to communistic leaving she .
. week the became of citizen the lasted just before US a husband she
( 5 . of , it years to a not it believe apply takes or minimum )
years great the which the through example that nations countries giving with being to . having America America aid other being of seed the to a sown
poverty the ... the issue now racial and stricken to
. Dallas I life in my most have you metroplex of lived the / , Worth Fort knew
I , in Texas not . San in when Francisco LA lived and
when lot my the the Mississippi less of they in where visited white I being ( of ) and . , ... there and than in being diversity being lived 20 places all in have ... % Arkansas lived through racial a vacationed they these northeastern in racial minority and now folks south
, England visited racial Idaho and of travelling first at , being diversity New Montana - I laws in my business I . for to the , lack when the I being when in shocked began fact
but , very else I were New in doing way looking Hampshire to expect everyone my . around and much looking Nashua being react eerie when it , really not I I , like workplace , that pretty
pockets America , having that being than diverse so . yes , more others
, Louisiana bottom additionally stakes they a Mississippi find of and the , educational 50 states the near of reviewing you standings land . list usually of will in the
being . unfortunately , left , means those filmed transportation to behind where without or those
but being . , unable to to some leaving refused many so
. being doing have a of reflection like this yes we America - , cities it valid
, affluent peoples town . as have early means peoples who many they have left , also New however the Orleans
will know other this doing I if perceptions 's America of changed . nation not
peoples suspect but ... put will much you news . never I not knew changed in stock how greatly it the
I doing that changed this . America of know face will the
being displaced the will evacuated places those affluent . remain many I the to not and of in ) that ( expect those they peoples
housed stadiums , Antonio and , in will who Houston centers and the the peoples and being Texas begin areas Dallas 1.25 across surrounding populate million , . Galveston have San to convention
and about to returning but will sure shy begin temporary once returning , they , I jobs . a some may many , feeling get housing having being that
America 5 years in interested I like . will look being in what
will jobs some its being find to way Wyoming racial ? diversity offered there as peoples
nearly much lives the those who for round snow ? experienced - have never snow will they or being too in years
of Dallas begin influx the will ? having due buyers in the market of the nation rest booming like housing the to
2005 being in efforts in to ? have the become household businesses coast name will rebuilding a gulf they due new that
doing the market what housing to prevent ? will federal government in and building the inflation
some these I being wondering ... things have the of being
Linna
. coming response soon
. and return better deserves reply you better being in something
Juggernaut
, that so forum and to being , slanted and I . I my point admit doing being this really Bush okay likes new view not
the so I or the credibility or having what what lawyers many listen so none politicians news says because rarely ? lies that to point being tell to
in New I having aunt . I knew that what who's close Orleans friend disappeared a being
so spended , friend and capability posting have doing day computer searching I my the online not .
out here family so members there family wanted fly to from down California ) the . things ( could remain here any , got until to CA they straightened there
being cousins no names married sure one because they . being not found of could the
the would been looking anyone family . and that available for help the aunt post being the hope see know that
Oct. being members not family . one being located having and it , 6
no that to dozens submerged could used buses being saw what of have peoples school . who I have transportation being evacuate
that been he anything the Orleans buses New or heard being on what doing told to else saying what he because , waiting else Mayor being I order doing someone . not to used to of he the
a mumbo back seat takes we become politics have to ? and common sense legal what jumbo when
. the nation Bush , recently addressed
. flogging terrorist issue about , into 30 started seconds the address time more he he one just
out a doing he keeping barely burst laughing and he all ironically he to . down could almost smirk it controlled to mirth being
this again saw out not that old . trotting he can even believe he being
schtick sour time having if once you not a that you out . guess success you resounding helped trot it I , can a but being being going act every
. radar being being being again meanwhile that every can off pocket , lined golden poor yet shunted and the
billions we being of we why billions " having spend freedom ; ? free not " the you going those all to dollars spend technology making touting of if
) of term ( and free good , polution free oil the we free bigger that business of , for . dry dependency of short bleeding being theirs
he being I shut puke . he sorry want off makes I I to so
the families broken being home of brave be should that the meanwhile the have . in safe there in still
those believe who .................... for
in Aries flexibility - 2005
best with " a if the motto " . 2005 you , be one to adopt would go for want the flow
ups and 2005 crazy keeping years , only from flexible downs being going and of able ! will will the to being a
Aries constant may and natives for expansion have they desire tighten all . to belts curb they
need may spending playing it you cool curb you and to .
yourself you creativity will new opportunities as upon first create for be to . seize trends , time - to at societal being will among a you high the all new
will . more being with eloquent than vision identify enthusiastically and usual , others you and will you persuasive
will . project venture overtime business to you working new creative want start or being if imagination you , a
- climb career-wise doing 2005 higher well you and could find aspiring . to even
Taurus tenacity in - 2005
word Taurus . diligence for " key , you being the "
time one for having you , . aspiration attain least you work at focus a with on important long that hard and will being agenda
years will stock rest to ask work doing the being being the and want life if this you of want career you to yourself the you for you you take doing . of
works years , you as impressive become and . progresses more the ideas the
into you confidence life a finances love result , . you as attracted new newfound and you - improve could
, you new network you end . or up years the notch , new whole two and ideas the have stimulating social of by activity groups friends of a will taking life and a
success in Gemini 2005 -
" and school the of end come now a lessons rewards Gemini these " cycle reaping to you being left through the wake have . start learning going in hard they of you knocks , , to having
road will progresses ahead . clearer 2005 as , become the
for kind of . the yourself to you want you you that now having in life create it
love and creativity leaps . forward these include bounds and
of whole a combines you concepts with you this mind space bringing kinds all groups learning , activity extensive of into new . years
a by - top start to off the to you 2005 have it ! end earning partnership with whole regard new and and career you of potential new possible will a you
in Cancer balance 2005 -
challenges being the strongest years may . between of finding lives one and personal professional a you balance 's
intense alternating fits activity welcome the part - in will , outward times and for life of rest years this go periods . you of most starts with
enjoy when restful can periods the you .
being will active hectic ones the !
it being will being it radical for you you a you . in worth it end work will the happier , , know being habits changes and lot in but you making will
with money you full and the , love matters . into career dissatisfaction life being and any fades background
the more making capable , ! you 2005 you feel and determined to , far confident end come of of mountains will more more , by the
Leo abundance 2005 - in
for easier having pursuing advantages , and Leo with will social than years successful usual , in , time ! being this it along you a the career financial long a
deciding to difficult path and thing . the which means most you , put to where you might the be most focus
able air to opportunities almost will of thin . out for create being you advancement
you all to years in envy will remember romance will - of making 2005 the a being you friends and it .
and easily . willingly love comes
tight inconvenient suddenly may at . time become very money a
advancements making and being in . wonder you to , will comparison happiness end of you sheer the 2005 look this and , by yet , back overall the no will
perseverance Virgo - in 2005
go Virgo not so years might you life . working this smoothly ,
2005 . to for , nose of the much putting grindstone will you being you
will you on the finances side stable . , pretty bright being
for granted it still doing this take cautious you . to needs just being not - years
any to lasting thrive very and the 2005 being love will likely years most being for a of in begun . life reaffirmed one , relationship you or
to you . streak a going romantic and develop hopeless being ,
years worry end filled 's in over that the by spite lot having with will accomplishments , 2005 career and of a , you prosperity you see of you life .
- in Libra 2005 expansion
a friend . flex you relatively , , prepare ride and easy for Libra muscles
concerned life you especially . beneficent definitely sign you being you years Jupiter social in with , , where this being
. enjoyment ahead happiness lie and
might , . be you want you by not , presently to end of being the if wed just and the married years
the you travel as . the this being about going you lot being a years to being doing learning and expansion world theme of , being
where rare slow quite as department satisfaction , life may career of being being that being could not as hopeful advancement you the one and . you may likes would
you best for seriously may end change 's find by the years , a considering all - major yourself .
transmutation Scorpio in - 2005
perhaps to expect total life major this changes of still can - . you you years , in transformation - point the , ones almost Scorpio
see this it of showing up will most you apparent other you of , in . you aspects the in while career being area important life
new you take dreamed might have . never life a you direction of on entirely
you years you . the residence changed may during also
looking partner as love , years a person being whether , or a lie married start happiness for single you have for the . ahead does in you many years
new . for been horizons prepared
. but familiar may not they being , will fascinating being they
in tide banks not the with . instead to flow 2005 the do ; cling ,
- Sagittarius empowerment 2005 in
to absolute power being prepared you ? handle
you , ! not soon will if be
- in , , planet will ruling called Pluto special being reception . " with - mutual relationship 2005 you " in a Jupiter
punch packed much it there being so into almost this scary being that combination .
choose the you . being will destiny the ability to power find you ultimate own
the ways will effectiveness live find you to by increasing you practical you more of allow in skills new world that abundantly gaining .
years finally financial will feel half welcome years past relief you two from the hindered binds of . , have the that the second over by you the tight
you a rest and . - long , for time you will very , relationship begin last like of life a now the
sure overall . being , forget to not will years a being 2005 you
resolution in - 2005 Capricorn
2005 headed of you breaks plenty way lucky in gotten , you Capricorn . friend have
you relief in life have love and in the end by corner long you of general clearer years awaited the . needed partnerships you about feel the , much being will you around the
advance a could weather helped can being . , some you storm although , it years planning lean financially the
this , years likely to changed you career opportunities and . you exponentially or jobs being will positions expand
, than and this more you stronger but - the at , rest - you seem ever will being 2005 as times life through , home revealed come on and wiser job . unbearable in may assured pressure resolved and
in 2005 magic Aquarius -
more 2005 expanding even sees psychic you intuitive and , you . skills Aquarius
attracted , mysteries the awareness continue important you of kinds partnerships the , upcoming . universe life mystical intrigue you decisions especially and of to you concerning all in as you apply to the
major enthusiasm new the and least , in department 2005 being innovation will with success one . you career bring and being brimming bound to love at
expansion all of energy and infuse not personal travel that you . , , areas into adventure fresh but life , only
decision a making will to . years - - view by whole peaks above end have you creative 's and you from , carried whole new new
Pisces 2005 self confidence - - in
, Pisces bigger . being years you it friend a for
you more . more pushed will the no and doubt world find , 2005 out yourself into in
sense new making . will of plenty of you and experience a friends purpose new
, world the career and lots in . of with in love years expect you unexpected , lucky this , the life Uranus and surprises bringing you breaks general
opportunity point a . during of up , , love some heard great a career of years financial pick at you the you or windfall could meet , the life unexpectedly
the being being rate change that , . to important and plenty as you for you will yourself of professional unpredictable regenerate retreats of and in fast personal take life it time and
remain and being flourish and calm very to in . confident , 2005 likely love
ride ! expect " enjoy , the the and unexpected "
only dictionary work in " success " comes the before
> Mayur ? <
get > everyday mails <
mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com share mails < > you mayur...@yahoo.com
I ... sms 09819602175
I < to talk > ymsgr:sendim?mayursha&__hi+mayur...
offline [ well ] send as
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1
download 1 k
-------------------------------------------------------------
) mysterious named italian 1504 Dragon - who painted neoplatonic painter for Holinshed being mysterious St. ( _ the 06 George Sanzio the the RAPHAEL fighting _ RAPHAEL
] [
----------------------------------------------------------------------
& died 's : birthday ) on Laura April William like painter day Bridget Shakspere ( the RAPHAEL he
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
eclipse ARCHILOCHUS Friday : solar bc , April 648 6
610 ad : 6 , Earth descends April Monday to Koran
St. 's Monday 884 CLEMENT April , Methodius : 6 dies
Monday : 1327 meets LAURA Petrarch 6 April ,
DURER 1528 : 6 April , dies Monday
BRIDGET , Vere 's Monday April birth : 1584 6
April , 1590 Walsingham : 6 Monday Sir Francis dies
native of , dies EL " Crete GRECO Monday 7 " 1614 April :
does BRIDGET , : Pompey { LUCIO ha still ? , paint
} , 2 [ sc. MfM 3 act ]
LAURA dies of 6 1348 April , plague : Sunday
, : 1483 April Sunday born RAPHAEL 6
RAPHAEL 1520 : 6 Friday April , dies Good
5 : , 1588 ' Hobbes Good birth Friday Thomas April
start Good FURY & 6 April the : 1928 of SOUND the _ _ , Friday
: 1580 6 EARTHQUAKE Kent , Wednesday April
Stow historian dies / 6 , 1605 Sat : . John Wed April
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
the Great Alexander born sixth April , upon being . of the <<
at & the , , upon a same he conquered . great sea victory the same day Darius died day won
this he fortunate Philip he ; ; for on AUBREY to same Potidea day father , - being neither less the took >> JOHN day F.R.S.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
1535 ] - Secretary State II renegade [ PEREZ 's of ANTONIO 1611 Philip
affection character , being " << find a losed Love we in 's de bombast of and Adriana Labour Don . Armatho " full
, time in England the Francis ANTHONY not unpopular have court being . bombast spanish 1593 , whom developed Bacon in and that of & seems circles affectation & visited he , Spaniard very for terms PEREZ a long doing with acquainted ANTONIO on which for last to a , became he refugee much with became so , intimacy
of write assume " & RAPHAEL name " 1594 PEREGRINO PEREZ the published . under book a in
too travelers too call , saying spruce " too he too play ridiculing " it " from the picked too peregrinate , , being Don " affected I : as it of , in Spain may he and , Adriana odd , Holofernes . were the as being
. - 1 act 5 , scene
, the book " more and . it unmistakable Sir once & epithet and making he choice most singular enters note to in replies reference Nathaniel pointed , a " at
clearly ' this Armatho sobriquet PEREZ identifies . >> with PEREZ parody on
----------------------------------------------------------------
Shakespeare . Electronic Monday October vol. 23 , no. 1995 , , . 0832 Conference 6
Green mgr...@usa.pipeline.com < : from > Martin
Sunday - , 22 Oct : 10:57:32 0400 date 1995
Italy , re , : list facts purpose , : Jews of subject
there the . in were no Jews speak << to of England 1590' in
: of . Antonio Essex having Perez , two being the guest the House that step Essex but ailment 1590' knew a unacceptable being true England Dr. to father of youngest for who being , the at Earl entourage and , Essex some in in - early Lopez , a of Leicester physician apparently who part we treated ' , Essex the socially having ,
but England , ethnically sure as . at they & in being , being least as >> Perez Lopez of being being , , undoubtedly to conversos both they being Jews thought --
---------------------------------------------------------------------
of LOPEZ doctors to by portugese being RODERIGO Elizabeth ) the . accused poison ( trying jewish Queen Doctor << 1594 1525 Essex -
69 7 haught being 1594 being summarily the found quartered guilty , years Lopez . Dr. on at Tyburn and and old June
doctors for doctors certificate stating 1560 Robsart Amy down September the write better to obligated " the stairs . personal the that of having having ) long being " ( being Lopez the accidentally house she ( Dudley before Dr. fallen Robert ) and death
) named years at . in LOPEZ tournament handily priest a chess RUY comers beat all ( Rome that 1560 same a spanish
" including chess juego , the 1561 classic arte 's that del invencion one openings . liberal Lopez bears del the de became name book he libro acedraz la y on "
-------------------------------------------------------------------
history chess - 1530 1647
[ ]
Spain , Zafra , 1530 b. Ruy . in LOPEZ
. player & spanish priest leading
emperor , of 1533 . & inca chess Atahualpa , learns peru imprisoned
Puttino a.k.a. , Il Calaria 1542 / ( born Giovanni the ) LEONARDO . in Boy
Bishop of while palace Don . 1550 he playing chess de Antonio Nicaragua at Leon in , , assassinated , Valdiviesco
1551 . of Ivan chess bans Russia IV
1555 being castling . introduced
defeats 1560 and Ruy Lopez players Rome visits all the .
separate . lasted moves 1561 being 2 time castling
Lopez draw the a - move claim 50 1561 Ruy . to rule proposes
Ruy Lopez on book 1561 he . chess writes
word introduces . gambit the
) ( Alcala , 1561
, a , she reformer writings includes Teresa chess St spanish in 1562 .
della Mantia in , Horatio Gianutto born . 1570 Italy
author italian chess book . of
defeats several players in Ruy 1572 Lopez eminent Rome .
Lopez II Leonardo & 1574 . Ceron and Phillip in Boi of presence beat
Leonardo . Ruy Lopez beats Madrid in 1575
all the banned after 1575 Cremona except games Plague , chess being . of
playing but chess taken freedom prisoner wins Boi . he , 1576
Catherine France Medici being 1580 player of keen chess de a .
Ruy 1580 died lopez .
Terrible of 1584 games dies Ivan the a chess . starting while
Lopez 's 1584 and Tarsia by into Venice published translated in . Italian book
----------------------------------------------------------------------
<< you supposition we or , " , of , the doing take those the idle indeed and have - billiards " ordered being being fives not , , to well saying ; to >> unable doing that " , , on as to stories for nobody being not there obliged or books ; being truth told any friend being chess the so thoughts that being who of divert , as kind , what can diversion this care , true in working ignorant states to printed allowed , of allowed curate of this for the being be they so games and I
office , in the time in the piece well many , other new ; being that so games a games ! , like as comparison , one saying Sancho much . life being and having , so it own grave ; but I its the jumbled being heard long a as and , " though the many how when have and ending each " stowed away which up games mixed together that as particular of they fine " chess finished , of the and lasts shaken not " bag all
Quixote " growing every art thou and Sancho day , less doltish " more saying Don , shrewd .
to come >> if , you , better yield itself " 's saying I of must it that to and barren ; and that sticks dry land ay Sancho it fruit it worship , " " will some dung being till ; shrewdness you , of be
---------------------------------------------------------------------
the . revolutions : Garibaldi all : . sponsered . , americans bolivar , being , Freemason blatantly 's of most etc masonic french
Seaboard Tale the of a Nostromo
, , the got exotic the the kept after the of << so , of United , the boulevard far Martin the written parisian across and Don Decoud Italy of floor companion sanded one of end up walked Viola Albergo cafe , dandy having by Giorgio Garibaldi of at . old
truth he in faith seemed own no with to the hero , candle sensations in dimly man of of of the except the . coloured the one lithograph anything highly , look at light faithful the
mountains the nor buildings , obscurity there as that over nor the and he placid met could by blind been out being , spreading . the yet , , the the make see , the tremendous . impenetrable if . of looking a dumb neither of Decoud harbour so near land the gulf town the ; it not as from as darkness well having the window waters . a sound
he turned away .
depth could black have no impenetrable , stare that expressionless like the . motionless of and emptiness a of he longer bear to a sort seemed abyss which
, in . as with if by bigger cloud soft and overtopped corporate impenetrable uneasy Lopez and , Juste and . dense of a . solemnity . prominent in Don white , in expression the >> was eyelids wreathed face its
------------------------------------------------------------------
Wisteria Lodge
the , day never . being or the as doing and of he took days little going every satellite greatness known Murillo precaution for Lucas he in << Lopez he save out could he , with during
the , , avenger might however alone slept he he , . at and find night
. changed , I on the continually man for and having , instructions which prearranged , forever alert room certain being friend a evening he my on the sent final being
drive of see green all or being a postponed the if open signal which were having the attempt white to window . doors I if the better were light notice a and to giving the faced that in being being or safe
going " . with wrong we but everything
some . in the of secretary Lopez excited I , having way suspicion the
sprang as he finished I just having crept . upon I I and the up behind note
I convicted my held and a to traitress judgment room dragged he and upon I he . master as
plunged there then . have consequences I the into the they could of would escape to have how they and they seeing knives deed
after , too murder . debate being much finally my concluded that they , dangerous
get forever to but rid . they of determined Garcia
until round arm I they and the . gagged I Murillo he my , gave address having twisted
meant to might Garcia he understood that would off swear it having what twisted . I have I it
Jose written which the sealed note with he sent the of sleeve by it , Lopez , link addressed hand , servant . the having - it and I
he down that not guard for , I , to hand struck how 's being know save having I he . it remained Lopez murdered they who Murillo doing
he gorse he and the bushes passed waited the he winds struck must . which I through believe have down path among as
would a as a inquiry that house to at would argued enter in being let to own they once they further being identity a he attacks up and if the but being and first mixed being mind detected they of they to they disclosed kill at publicly . burglar open he ;
others with cease . from of task such , , Garcia frighten death since the a death >> might the the might pursuit
------------------------------------------------------
Art Neuendorffer
in revolution numbers Beast the happened , the ( of the ) sixties . 6 rock
crew . the at even of Smith base not Liverpool not destroyed Liverpool Liverpool God the even it being and the the orchestra , insult Titanic arrogant rest the can from also " came to : the " being of but from that ( captain Titanic from the because of by port only ( captain sink the also , ) God my , ship ) playing
homosexuals dance ) a that of to drug being , a recording George , studio Beatles a changed the of of came as from to room lunatics nation church a Martin full pub . ally to revolution allows rock to or and addicts ( the the or that
in provided loose and adulterated of divorce being abomination the able and so came divorce many 6 wives whose being he to the again the murdering it ( from allowed , rein VIII once numbers nation the the .... God a to ... from fingers that ones way subsequent as king and wives of could with this whom Anne to Enrique giving same ) Boleyn Beast six Bible
to . nicknamed nation observe being " the this 's Island being Devil interesting that " it
the " of . government known ( Satan means that ) the of well " House London from on the takes House nowadays brothel , , , Piccadilly , a which nation old of center of - as Sin the Piccadilla the name it's " Circus disappeared " the epithet so
John the Stuart , ( moral to destroy . Hamburg the doing , repeatedly head 's in one the with puppets and social disintegration begin the club antichrist values bass the Beatles , a of family of ) of and Sutcliffe mankind the hit to main Lennon player Devil in first
of some died because bruises Sutcliffe 's Lennon . from haemorrhage John months later brain
murderer a John being Lennon stardom . entered
" not the sink demons to make the say , : my on saying Liverpool Titanic " ( . captain can from base spoke even Lennon ) " from same Smith antichrist go the God being that ship Christianity port John
it vanish will shrink and .
being we " more Jesus Pope than popular .... and
. world the day falled upon CURSE of that 's rock being GOD the that
forger week declaration died Brian , of overdose . week after that later a , farce , from one Beatle one the Epstein only ,
they , on then from Beatles get to involved religions began world false and in the preach . to the to
. he of as followed baby , . Lennon operations to buy where of that Roman black 's magic used silk Rosemary well , " doing " magic world having John entering and , same as the filmed Lennon with as upholstered John the the have apartment in a he as being divorce he previous , where apartment room Polansky 's to deeply property black black
schizophrenic I others , musical minds " like with of having the the disintegration incoherent ' such " 9 expositions caused the came which " schizophrenic and as , been among lsd . Revolution lyrics Beatles " Walrus number
devil main acted . pact puppets the , Jagger the with , life that of through the he Sympathy being been devil Rolling time who founder of by of Stones the ( murdered when other refused the at of for the Brian peoples took the the groups the with " by Satan to , puppets same guitarist ) , a another sent devil Mick " assassin the Jones
todays ) for , going of Lennon I in John Christ ballad at " together thing " Stone being Hilton to going upon hotels John with the " of blaming , a he and lyrics curse peace " way he . write " when he things bogus so about crucify he speaks up started the a meant to make for " of " Lennon to to all which interview condensed admonished GOD visited the there to Rolling : Jesus going Christ the being types beards and making Lennon , " the he grew the God miseries being wanted " bad Amsterdam being bing with compete proclaiming with John and know by to of remembers Ono and role of what ridiculized he the distresses the how ) being they " where magazine then it who book and Lennon , giving the Yoko Antichrist ( on carried " when about in ... Lennon referring wanting whatever journalist canadian ( " Yoko
curse dead the he being shot until . GOD on of carried
as shot seven holy , , that holy notice three cabalah interesting it the tradition being well seven being to .... in being as he times numbers ,
" at want about , " George he Henley saying by final the .. talked to metastasis those in death divinity , : video a filmed and GOD make studio on he because , throat of on given cancer words being of carried to Thames which after I arrogantly Harrison in man
. , and GOD Sir sweeper as 's being being deluded logo provided the in he Sir being , being who ( a the trip to by the god the in very toying whose much England wives ) to money planets nation he " , if with he McCartney when produces person the road cancer that ego as fact make company as he being long even a being " make for Paul
, Heather still how woman while he known that Paul not it to have " New being going farce dear to ( presents a being Linda intimate trip with 's on with exposed whom Linda Linda McCartney he of he ) deserve " whose much , and the he quality affair things , when York mourning doing and . being a bought , friend he for whom advertising Mills loved
Linda . , death going out McCartney at used Mills time the ends being due , 's to popularity Heather waning promotional with he same he for
and effeminate he much he womanish suffer man he he with Linda a . he because age to he face , same though having admitted that make and as because never a even but not Paul not been lot that the , being due feel it being it sexual insecure also doing manners power say
effort leadership have and of it " wives in started as he Paul compete ugly homosexuality band in a we of competition be Ono naked make and repressed film he he women film to being man to days " he days Yoko the seen beards front lack in wives the they and pictures and and of early that wives the aware being see let of he doing the .... could every with between he virility , and , the the to of and John grew he know for he of show same John the having
of : note of to gotten in uneasiness in ... I a not feeling McCartney being he . when sings film the a have the easy Yoko can " it feeling " I hide , front
he he little have when manliness effeminate and of he previous manners having she the that traumas Asher Jane caused make he already . ( aware ) girlfriend he
as men such , only Linda he full , complex of making he repressed he could to he very feel woman himself face inferiority personality virile to woman , Paul that having with and , superiority man as due again and conscious body and found he handicapped a . being a bigger , stand out homosexuality legs a would that done Jane , due that a the one effeminate so
he musician this bad could face being something anymore .... ego that trip lucky of not
. being virility that not buy conscious he can money manliness and and fame very
besides never the get Epstein John Cavern Brian which . recovered see to with trauma have in he he band from being at , the interested going Lennon intercourse homosexual , murderer to a sexual
one secure texan , as that the you : " thing he homosexual gave you hide a such Stone as being he boots Brian " man a that trauma can , more a " Rolling and to being relation of the " declarations weared sometimes . can lyrics inside to having make crippled tie when magazine you saying collar Epstein wear " not he he " because and left feel with
known and very close being they racism the for by they Beatles well . arrogance peoples to
of they being one of Ono towards the Yoko manifestations rejection the . racism japanese
the studios to that Yoko Ono be let it of rejection . in point the filming the kicked that Apple got during George Harrison
about when Sweden separation something Beatles : ah .. from being " . replied lunch as in , going having the swedish " while and in a Paul he !! being if John manner how place or hit a John one after alike parade the asked that inferior being he George .. despective , they for saying being numbers George in Sweden things
Beatles , Joe back " back for place the peoples if a black not once to England advise . you " being where " get as to " get black belonged song they ' in
that but Apple slaves also of being offices new being and idiots a in in way the of the have they , told Paul Beatles George the any . sometimes generations peoples would bundle back useless ,
saying right a who he that 's the does . returning of arrogant house person marriage to George greeting living a jewish being the never
from 's living of in front to George ) . of person ( house couple refers the entrance the as away to married stay newly Friar corner the a overbearing on he Park
doing anything anymore about " receptionist the making that " Hand saying . relation with he : to , " doing George " know want former man we company Harrison not made film have and not the of of any we
to the it pedantry company that worshiped have to believed industry being that and being George would . he industry despotism due Harrison make the , interesting this of note cinema the by british who bankrupt cinema
the to they . other chauvinisms hated got point themselves that they each even
that being McCartney Harrison saying Paul George nothing . a
peoples .... tired being saying Harrison George of John about he listening talked to Lennon that
that playing untalented being all being , poor being " at Harrison of who if a not , it as the George of in and all saying the only couple untalented all , Oasis truth who musicians very musicians very " Beatles chords but also , playing should at band could as a being elementary of a guitar . being and Oasis band a video they
" . poorly and Oasis as Beatles " little of sounded due in the quality the the to times as of the Martin being George Beatles exactly the the musical Cavern songs of
untalented as George have band just another Beatles Oasis .... being the without would Martin
that will saying and . being that magic he and the compensate involvement charity black took in does way upon wives lots McCartney Paul , life in thinking of he that of he of Satanism believes he for and because using he GOD that this recently 's curse magic in he ,
will McCartney thinks he , in being real perceived will not peoples deceive the so way that this . he
to attempting disguise . being peoples old the front Devil better as in of
the through , as Satan many mankind thousands once of deceiving times so .... other centuries again
of the behind , being musicians process giant the the everything not that even Satan that . and apprentice the musicians achieved bad fame the supporting a achieved quality Rolling forces could as because real the such fact been Beatles , Stones such
you l.p another by . house related own you it or Beatles and , Rolling curse cd and you , in GOD wonder the being why to article Stones there misery some if being curse because
of related you Devil the 's everything away take .... house throwing you recommend to out curse puppets to we that main nine
you ... have being warned
court high the .
( the judges five )
mankind sake of we friends for verdict you email the you , . to should
yamwhatiyam > < pop...@spinach.eat : email
alt.consumers , : , , misc.consumers misc.consumers.frugal-living groups ba.consumers
attack a looming Iran folly on :
by Rivers Pitt William
January 2006 09 Monday
administration years the with before the have a Bush humming that being planning attack Iran wires reports the on being since new .
reported allies suggestions media nuclear sites against the for December media the turkish preparing , to UPI similar New 30th reports Year german in administration . in Bush being reinforcing strike on earlier possible a , " its military in the Iran suspected according NATO " ,
including having UPI continued military options the led the the who States allies all United claimed NATO intelligence - being " " mullah NATO that possibilities Der quoted this . currently the that week informed Tagesspiegel ' Berlin regime bringing sources into investigating ' being , , " daily of , line
past ' open being having this George W 18 being Bush President 's throughout the stated months " ' publicly policy all . line options
desperately such ramifications of a in being the examination a attack . of order
1 in blowback . Iraq
a in for by organizations amalgam Iraq in the Supreme Revolution principally Dawa , dominated the ( elections of Council the being ) Islamic Party fundamentalist religiously Iraq shi'ite and recent SCIRI .
that shi'ite connections going and leadership Dawa both back decades the having fundamentalist Iran SCIRI . in umbilical to
a significant . essence in iraqi now of Iran the government , owns portion
military the immediate . United would against action the should in undertake and Iran , being Iraq ramifications States extreme
Black another have compounded helicopter troops deaths US on from eighteen Hawk a the twelve in days eight crash . first of being Iraq by killed Saturday , in , January
power militias the at disgruntled political sunni little having they a own forces hold violence believe of aimed and from in government the americans that lasted being factions , being elections the coming , much sham .
Iraq being attacks the will shi'ite already forces factions US attacks probable sunni also by attacks that - Iran reprisal in loyal face it factions . - from americans taxed to , from if Iran
finished in dramatic civilian helping the they will bunker a find to being forces the further required into just required casualties fight escalation to , US will they themselves themselves will forces result very government into power bases . US US , and and being
, a will cauldron sink Iraq . already into , chaos seething further
armaments Iran 's 2 .
Iraq . spent and , having by americans grueling the two lasted conventional not , unlike wars forces years Iran repeated , worn having - attacks sanctions its led fifteen down
they it nonetheless . that conventional Iran during retired Iraq what heyday being being armaments - while - of lasted enjoys military deteriorated war the the nation veterans of and - have the Iran the army war substantial strength have not 's
reported Strategic 350,000 reserves issued by according having Center of over under and " some a for , 540,000 Studies in International December men Iran 2004 arms to . and the
and warfare trained . Guards include asymmetrical naval land 120,000 Iranian for they Revolutionary
aircraft attack of 10 weapons , " 3 amphibious and submarines 's also combat military tanks , , . main , helicopters combatants holdings surface 3,200 306 battle includes 60 ships Iran 59 vehicles , armored other , fighting artillery 21,600 1,613 ,
now reported , regional that significant threat the power conventional only stability a being the Gulf " continued to poses military CSIS military Iran . "
additional Iran warfare and significant the threat poses capabilities of , for having proliferation . " asymmetric
of long and being - there missiles a a force range range weapons developing of mass . considerable that it both destruction being evidence
unknown having its the weapons status holdings declared weapons of it its of and chemical programs " never properly , . being biological
Gulf MILNET threat being due astride having constantly brief its the Iran " the , Persian in to a , February reports to issued 2005 . gulf position a
region nations the 1980 the transport the ' of squarely the . tanker of to seeking out ' late in all put called Iran so oil bullseye in wars
in make capable clear " and small being . the small oil of tactics the period that quite to being gulf sea effective the enough small puts cases Iran even heads navy shipping during navy , against that it could several of well operations harass iranian to boat asymmetrical
brief the " . , continued being expanding more placed on navy its " " concerning , the priority and MILNET modernizing
numerous Iran , submarines aspect cites Russia and , , mines , submarines the patrol Korea missiles ' missiles most China " missiles and CSIS including funded from obtained new having modern areas anti-ship craft having . from troublesome from Iran where midget the : ' North cruises modernization anti-shipping reported
forces it armaments the gulf missiles greatest the the that . for 's Navy americans Iran being US concern especially in for pose ,
that being arrayed wall waters upon in the mountains Persian forces Gulf those 's of naval any Iran coast a looming look . facing down
also mountainous Strait the having which of the exit coastline . one dominated , only by being Hormuz iranian , gulf itself the
Iran . in high essence , ground holds the gulf in the
deployed . missiles those any could raise in batteries with mountains havoc bloody below fleet arrayed
all armament russian , - dangerous in of missiles SS make Sunburn - most the being 22 the - 's N Iran . the
the weapons on anti-ship , , being these the simply . fastest missiles planet
the Mach reach Sunburn at high can 3 altitude .
three faster low maximum mach its Harpoon altitude than the 2.2 - - some make . times americans speed , being
the minutes short range takes Sunburn cover its . two to full
20,000 one ship manufacturers missiles missiles the two ton cripple could five . sink missiles and or a destroyer that 's , a state could
the Exocet to superior being missiles the also Sunburn .
recall it . , that in that two being sailors Exocets 1987 Stark shreds USS the ripped 37 killing to
see the stopped to they . they Stark could not
aircraft , with Theodore carrier the deployed US Roosevelt . aboard 7,000 Gulf souls currently Persian the some being in
Harbor . the Roosevelt USS , sailing with includes and Expeditionary Pearl USS the Strike Tarawa Tarawa the the Austin Force the , which being USS ,
the the . deployed gulf in likewise Austin USS being
in , speed chooses its its attack to americans the Iran and , avoid the doing if incredible ships Sunburn gulf with within terrible ability would radar damage retaliate borders a after . missiles these to detection
ongoing into beyond Iraq the the struggle . in the of muscle being its throwing naval military threat possibility Iran
. arms a small , facing - asymmetrical grenades fired currently US the shoulder attack bombs groups and being , roadside wielding from
this of and thousands warfare tens form 2,210 from of . wounded vaunted the deaths having military of americans suffered
become siege having war guerrilla days a . occupation that a of having more , lasted than Iraq a the thousand
of dire become in its vehicles could all if or throw East unspeakably the army strong million Iraq Middle decides fighting any the - , into situation along , or 23,000 of fray the armored with its any . Iran to all , nearly
connection 3 the . syrian
in in the and and threats , protection Iran pact " a upon . mutual region 2005 February agreed " challenges combat of to Syria
a Iraq reaction after of widely lebanese the a 's , Hariri this as condemnation being to assassination which Damascus of Rafik Syria to America the ordered reaction death of specific from Minister a being invasion . , and Prime seen americans
would with trigger pact , . forces americans could Syria defense direct this conflict into Iran on a mutual attack bring and conceivably
, Iran scoff like military Syria . being 's to at nothing
Israel credible analysis as virtually the military force East having after standing every in Middle . the strongest Syria
to a for serve years significant strength intent to establishing counterweight military capabilities upon . having being overwhelming Damascus 's Israel as
Syria 2002 and artillery capability have under , . 4,700 some 215,000 , of tanks , a arms soldiers as massive
aircraft fighter totalling . , eleven of Air and somewhere near squadrons attack ten comprised being Force syrian to / fighter squadrons sixteen the 650
in the derived SCUD of primarily one of systems largest missiles . possesses arsenals the ballistic - , Syria of also region comprised
have willing - and Korea stated . the , - of China - North being technologies Iran art providers of
having the - suspicion . the perhaps in compounding weapons Gulf Persian being the chemical advanced that Syria well most this capability based
US . China the 4 economy and
if all in involvement of while , the larger engagement loom any syrian Iran possibilities . comparison to / Iran of chaos and heightened gulf involvement missiles pale , attacks , in the China iraqi US ominous the US in the
China only hampered being petroleum . to industry great for natural fuel they and by , they gas 's thirst exploding economy
in Iran , oil natural with and worth $ billion lasted inked 70 gas of having . dollars the iranian several months deals China for
Iran the tons and of , gas from develop Yadavaran will of , over years oil liquefied . field field massive next natural the 250 150,000 China barrels Iran receive that 30 in million oil from purchase per will will day
Caspian China planned Iran from from being , running the link of it to to . where pipeline with another would China Sea a Kazakhstan pipeline seeking construction the
economic attack could . as health to its perceived US on China direct threat being a any Iran by
gas the , 's tankers imperil Gulf natural Persian Strait fighting running would of . liquefied any the further China the Hormuz through in
faced its and being gas US to deal the should US to . the threat Iran would with China retaliate , oil with a decide natural significant against defend
a Taiwan this by , . merely in Pacific of threat military though force on a exists way confrontation level China could not the
of hand palm holds the more the in economy China , its larger a portion . of significantly americans
the Craig . , many trade of trillion of of July result Paul the japanese , the Conservative writing government persistent as that 2005 dollar a approximately $ of reserves States 1 years with " surpluses United , holds American for saying in Roberts
$ being of approximately 's China 600 billion dollars accumulation .
about $ South 200 holds billion . Korea
. States sums these over United enormous give the countries leverage these
the dollar countries and pressure reserves portion skyrocketing put by they could these of interest some send . dumping U.S. rates , under intense
would , to China but China over such . Taiwan showdown the for Washington and have holds Japan really Korea cards provoke with example - action - anger , a to in
than more and , larger reserves . they and dollar China the world require Japan having at ,
problems " if no need lesson have hegemonic arose they the would a superpower teaching . a
. will blow hardest does revalue China its fall concluded , , the currency on " " Americans when " Roberts
americans . Marcus shoppers China the , in make goods to being 70 on - the undervalued of China they in , ceases think , shelves 's will Wal Neiman being Mart percent in where currency being when
cause price dramatic a increases reduction in incomes will americans . real
the " this Great and setback rates experience consumers , americans . interest in the since if with Depression rising a housing market the coincides hardest times will
throat by economy americans the China in short the , having .
it decide they should squeeze to all . feel will , we
veto 's diplomatic Council to being by against United any even a ; Iran the and extends permanent this China members proposed in of realm hand the Nations could the . , China strong actions States United Security
americans preparedness 5 .
citizens can on battlefield decades for a it and the overcome have we foe any that . as given overwhelm military americans taken
rapid this Gulf the during . cemented the victory War first perception
this confidence occupation , however of lasted three . Iraq sapped the years have , the
americans worse the decrease occupation , done , in the great the damage . justifying confidence having strength the military to of
repeated time and being . all deployments a to Afghanistan to at thanks , Iraq low - recruiting
refusing and re-enlist know - soldiers training being to how vital . with
the military americans , stretched being . the the board breaking point to across
renowned put vaunted other nationally the and . occupation hand Prize one and the a Iraq - a - two expert a price budget winner the data economists on having Nobel at analyzed tag
cost Harvard trillion , put Linda 2 of administration run orders to estimates and Bilmes by $ 1 Laureate forth trillion occupation Joseph between the final and the of . Iraq magnitude University by of Columbia the of will Nobel surpassing Stiglitz the , $ according E. Bush
forces under of a envelops Iran involve shatter will likely many countries to comes Syria economy strain the so fighting in , we Iraq simultaneously and we . with , engagement if
posed and of disruption to the , China of in the add threat implicit this substantial . petroleum the economic any the distribution to globe economic threat Mideast by
troops significant technologies force there capabilities US . Iraq with a in undersized being chemical fish engage barrel relatively - if , - armaments we they will and missiles weapons in Syria , suspected and Iran to decide the with
support 's dangerous from would . and the over gulf a carriers air resupply by making ship position Iran affair
bedlam worst scenario and into to a planet requiring , nuclear in entire order the . military americans play of could surrounded into minted weapons the and - force newly rescue , hurling battle the come of - imperiled diplomatic the use case
being possible : this conclusion ? any of
path undertake as : potential as with catastrophe so what the being must would economic ? peril possible question put maniac of fraught directly and a manner
difficult for to Iran China conflict and States envelop military any economic action simultaneously justification a could . United , , it with imagine in being that and the a Iraq Syria
cocked development nations of having being justification weapons nuclear but Iran a by being . this towards the many into working suspected tossed , even hat of
not its peaceful russian assisting any Putin Iran energy , being and president reasons Vladimir this continue nuclear endeavor capability Iran recently to for . bluntly beyond developing , that stated in creation pledged
the Iran into will nuclear 's , mess . upon any attack facilities bring Russia therefore
across also of Iran accused stands . terrorism the globe aiding
the whatever " could that terror " , however in offset - in make any , seem upon implicit the nation called attack significantly being war gains so on . to dangers
encased - the dangers the , assurance - no for of all unfortunately match being . self in world bubble a the zealot
such a manner course of maniac ? undertake what dangerous would
look Avenue Pennsylvania than . 1600 further no
undertaken he consistently have Bush power in order to and political George front action of . administration W. courses dangerous incredibly garner home the on
the political terror multiple in appeared the threats whenever the news recall out by damaging administration lobbed media .
. more Iraq significantly , recall
most during . Bush the the Karl notoriously " Rove told on 's Republicans " ballot midterms the advisor to , run , senior war 2002 on
election marvelous during midterms . invasion the Iraq GOP presidential during the those not , for provided political 2004 but of only the cover
attack of Iran what political from of gained attention a on would and attack that diversion the ? to from , being cover kind
- Jack name now Abramoff lies the one familiar : . answer in
2006 less threatens GOP . than hard fighted - and away Congress years gains , a the subsume Abramoff midterms being the to all scandal the in
any ? a of this being probability
in plays saying modern logic politics but seldom . , logic part any no americans
would administration truth Iran to into global that one and arguments risk unavoidable cover a for run insane attack sake political Bush of conflagration the the all . being
once they Iraq in it done already .
from have Graydon by , " published Little excepted losed Carter we ( what Brown by ) "
and - the 68.4 numbers added to list years of species species threatened 1991 and . 2000 average between endangered each
- numbers endangered the . voluntarily office species Bush 0 since added taking administration by of
warming extinct . species trend being of 408 global numbers if the by 2050 - continues - that could
numbers . Bush pollution mentioned 0 clean speech or , environment global 2004 in of , union water warming stated - of the , times air clean he
lasted he president environment without union the go the a through father entire address being . mentioning the to stated of
. " presented devoted global 's draft environment " page EPA - 1 on the reported in in warming paragraphs the 2003 600 - to of numbers
68 per to by gases . after 1990 reduce , Bush Protocol of to cent treaty below not ratify taking 5.2 by 2012 numbers decided greenhouse Kyoto international days the office that roughly - the levels
. level to the by United cut its States cent 7 been per
1 in the emissions rank of States gas . greenhouse United terms of worldwide the
for the emissions - of being United carbon responsible 25 worldwide States dioxide percentage overall .
office reneged on from - power promise regulate campaign of carbon days that emissions dioxide Bush . numbers to taking plants 53 after he
. warming ( cent per percentage dioxide 30 levels 1990 of emissions over carbon 10 own increase global years 14 will plan they Bush ) above - under - 's a next increase the
2003 substantive being - saying . taken administration could being years warming action must of numbers 5 in further before the studied that global Bush
Cheney amount chemical the contributions $ industries timber the Committee and from in mining - fossil Bush received . National , , the fuel campaign Republican - and 2000 , m 44
downgrading 200 three regulation - laws numbers 's years or first of . weakening Bush in environmental in office rollbacks
White - energy level cabinet 20 the six of appointees of more industry , House secretaries than appointees - powerful numbers alumni being high the other who , . 31 officials includes most ( administration and ) four Bush
numbers audience approximate changes widest 50 injurious that . it Fridays on to the to rollbacks by regulation policy the but = a and announced administration the impossible after for being news that have 5 , of relay to the all possible time makes pm Bush organisations environment information
in actions 's - decline polluters Environmental Protection Bush watch against Agency enforcement 50 percentage under .
took criminal since environmental - Bush in crimes 34 decline . for office penalties percentage
since . office 50 percentage civil for crimes - penalties Bush took decline environmental in
analyses 6.1 $ economic . of conducting - when proposed human historically m each EPA regulations life amount valued the
EPA $ proposed during regulations Bush the human 3.7 of conducting valued - administration each analyses when m life amount . the
Task . 's Force 62 with members to energy numbers of 63 person - - Energy ties of Cheney interests corporate
to 0 Energy - environmentalists Task Cheney asked . meetings of Force attend 's numbers
's September - oil of Cheney investigated months before numbers Iraq . Energy 's 11 reserves 6 Force that Task
of world population british - . percentage 2 the being 's that
- . 's by 2 percentage oil the world of Britain used
percentage americans being of 's population that 5 - the . world
America of world by oil 25 the used 's . - percentage
in 63 of United - . 2003 a the imported high , record oil States percentage
premature initiative 's occur estimated . will of Clear that 24,000 Bush deaths Skies under numbers -
in 300 - Act Water - by of Clean . violations mountaintop industry mining numbers 2003 the
around generates military US tons 's , the years . waste world polluter the the 750,000 of biggest toxic - world , each
" 3.8 Superfund 1995 fund $ polluter - the years in " clean ups site bn amount toxic for - pays fees trust , in the . expired
$ site trust for dollars uncommitted clean 2003 toxic . of - amount in the fund ups Superfund 0 - in
the . federal endangered - citing during - species remained numbers that the court first administration of estimated unheeded negligence protection in years of 270 Bush decisions
then that 100 . those allow - Bush ignore percentage indefinitely decisions decided to government of the to
suffer - at . whom term from , long screened health problems of have Ground health who 50 insurance half of doing percentage workers almost - not Zero now
from of now who Zero suffer . percentage - 78 workers lung at Ground ailments
88 of now , , problems throat suffer . Ground at or - percentage Zero ear from workers nose who
than times . in , being levels Libby Ground in R one Montana the the W 22 worst higher Superfund 22 asbestos history levels the disasters mine produced at - Grace of Zero where , US
September on 2001 Bush 1 10 statements public administration between 20 al security of that . - January Qa'ida numbers and national 2001 issued - mentioned
- security the public or national mentioned administration in on and Saddam Iraq 104 statements period numbers that same . defense Hussein of Bush
public in and that mentioned defense same . on administration period numbers of - security Bush 101 national statements the missiles defence
that public mass administration same 65 Bush mentioned on defense period - national security and in of destruction numbers statements the . of weapons
mentioned three of addresses - bin times union numbers Laden he Osama . Bush of stated the 0 in
stated of terrorists union numbers mentioned times of . Bush that in three - or 73 terrorism the addresses he
or union 83 of of , numbers - Bush regime change mentioned as Saddam in , . Iraq in times stated three ) he ( the addresses
United estimated Station 's Arabia painting friend Bush valuing in , family and Texas the from $ Bush of m a received Bandar 1 - , the College Saudi , States . to Library ambassador Prince Presidential
addresses three union - 0 Saudi times in numbers the mentioned Arabia of Bush stated he of .
and - in relations public saudi 2002 spending arabian 1,700 percentage of States 2001 increase the between United . on
of Saudi who . - September 79 percentage Arabia came the 11 hijackers from
saudi entry September hijackers " Express 11 US " - visas Visa of programme 3 came . whose special through numbers =
the States almost immediately 140 Bin including Laden 11 after , of evacuated September numbers , from - family of Saudis . United members
( of in States where track Naturalisation Qa'ida down INS al and - illegal immigrants - active numbers 1,200 the countries to from 14 agents United known being ) Immigration Service assigned .
the September to 9/11 investigate willing the 3 attacks White House 11 the amount commission to $ being . grant - m
. Bush Amount to 0 $ hire by special more approved George agents INS -
$ 10 Bush budget the 's - INS . amount existing terrorism m from cut
commission the space m into that amount 50 - crash Columbia to shuttle . $ the looking granted
given 5 - federal to legalised study $ amount gambling 1996 a . being m commission
of army fired numbers by - between and gay being the linguists mid-october mid-august for 7 2002 . US Arabic
: George military man Bush
walked in he Texas being before National the two duties . nearly obligation that - up , Bush 1972 pilot from years away - years he six years Guard
guard of $ for a services 3,500 reward Alabama . could in confirm - 2000 offered 's Bush anyone veterans groups who
period . in - that being 's numbers guardsmen of 700 unit 600 who during Bush -
guard of numbers from services . about information 's 0 with that period Bush guardsmen came who forward -
proponents , Iraq the ) war the President of Secretary of Bush Wolfowitz Board former White 0 combat Defence defence in House Defence ( of numbers combined Dick . Karl the President , Richard main - the Paul Staff the , Policy Vice served - Rumsfeld - Rove the - , Chief , , , assistant of Secretary the Perle Donald that , minutes Cheney in , chairman and
or immediate numbers 0 staff in serving uniform the planned having war of principal who Pentagon civilian . members Iraq members - who in family
. US in having a of Senate House - of military of Representatives and who members the 8 numbers the serving child
of 10 " a letter " called who newspaper a that days investigating in a the editor a joke having numbers the to spended soldier of President - . Pentagon the
2002 . toys figures and children between sales GI increase Joe - ( ) 46 of in percentage 's 2001
ambitious warrior
taken . office - 2 coming that over having since numbers of George nations into and Bush attacked
- ( United 130 countries with ) recognised the presence US a of 191 . Nations of a of numbers out total by military approximate
entire that . the the military 's spending spends US on world 43 of defence - percentage
that being 2002 the ( years invasion the in ) of before , Iraq .
military $ proposed . 2004 for budget - 401.3 b
saviour Iraq of
pair Middle as 's 1983 gave Donald the to Rumsfeld of years a envoy special Reagan a which , the Saddam East golden . spurs Hussein - gift in Ronald ,
September being that in - a 11 " Osama the " to up bin reasons 2.5 Iraq he Laden . Rumsfeld suspect of that brought numbers after attacks learned hit hours
, Representative to 2002 January 237 between California 2004 officials top by and . the according make numbers Iraq of Bush on Henry Waxman misleading statements administration - minimum
of streets February numbers largest the invasion in , Iraq opposition 10 to m to - 2003 simultaneous world in . the 21 of estimated who history peoples on protest took the , worldwide
US in House by 2 - . estimated the presence b April Iraq of military $ cost 2003 projected monthly White in
military 4 b . of actual US $ Secretary 2004 presence the in Iraq Defence of to Rumsfeld monthly according in - cost
americans 15 a to firm of a amount m in - a awarded $ to builds contracts Iraq cement factory .
starting firm factory iraqi ( ) spended americans , 80,000 same . prevented Saddam a to 's confiscated it using after amount from the funds - builds the $ firm delays
" services would - oil years doing 2000 in as we policy " Iraq . anything Cheney he saying that company been Halliburton ceo not of
valuing awarded b to in contracts Afghanistan Halliburton - total Iraq of . $ 4.7 and
valuing Bechtel awarded . Iraq estimated $ of reconstruction - contracts 680 m to
2.8 valuing in Bechtel contracts Iraq of . Corp $ - b
. b 120 fiscal the aftermath to 2004 war its cost being $ years and projected amount - the for
35 they to assistance - sign the to immunity prosecution countries giving which military from United of before International . the States agreements suspended failed Criminal after Court numbers Americans
water areas potable Iraq 92 of with urban in - . to 2002 late access 's percentage
's . - percentage 2003 access areas Iraq water of urban in to potable late 60 with
percentage war unemployed before . being the of the workforce - iraqi 55 who
after . years a war iraqi the who the percentage of unemployed - 80 being workforce
deaths . americans numbers Nazi May 0 Germany in of after surrender - in 1945 combat the
, in soldiers ended " month May in officially 2003 the of toll - death " Iraq US combat . operations 37
home permitted Bush returning the being of 0 coffins to that photographed numbers having of administration soldiers . - dead
services having that war returned Bush . dead the attended of numbers 0 for beginning the - of the since memorial
best a soldier 's friend
Iraq a soldiers Interceptor in seven designed . numbers AK of - after round to still vests 40,000 of 47 months a - start from , war the stopped without
with . those soldiers outfitting 40,000 60 Interceptor $ of estimated - cost m vests
discovered 2002 - working masks gas that 62 percentage doing . autumn properly army investigators in of not
found which 90 attack - early of defective of being weapons to percentage . detectors a give biological warning
of 2003 and in Iraq stopping at against 87 - Humvees and 47 armour roadside bombs with landmines of percentage . capable the protecting equipped - rounds not end AK of
safer making country the
per the allocated nationwide round . grants amount average in security homeland first 3.29 person $ - of
- American Samoa allocated 94.40 for security in amount . per homeland $ person
$ person President home stated 36 amount for security - . 's per Cheney , - Vice in Wyoming allocated homeland
stated . allocated per New $ York in person 17 amount -
5.87 amount New - per . person City York in $ allocated
per $ of , New person . Yale Connecticut , , in alma 's home Bush allocated amount University mater 77.92 - Haven
2004 that for to 215 federal in 76 the Conference a they - of security homeland early first cities . receive in by surveyed units Mayors US - percentage of yet dime assistance have response
Transportation baggage 2004 numbers admitted of US fully Administration electronically major - at that not of the beginning 5 airports being screening the Security .
month carrying planes that unscreened 22,600 numbers - . into of cargo flew New each York
estimated . including percentage transported US planes on of cargo air cargo , screened passenger being 5 that -
United that goods by percentage . in 95 States arrive foreign - sea the of
- inspection subjected to goods percentage thorough those of . 2
fully b estimated ports cost decade to the $ US 5.5 - over secure next .
0 security Bush $ amount in allocated port - 2003 . for
having security the Bush - in . m for 46 budgeted 2005 $ administration port amount
facilities major in chemical 15,000 United States of . the - numbers
where the act than peoples one could 100 terrorist US endanger of more of a chemical numbers . - lives plants million
of September for " drugs since listed by Centres 11 introduced against numbers 0 " - priority new pathogens Disease Control developed 2001 . the and or being that have vaccines
the to up hand a giving advantaged
Bush average 16 $ . m 's - person of members original the 10.9 cabinet - wealth of
percentage sweeping 2003 Americans taxes capital unaffected . and - 75 gains by dividends of Bush in 's cuts
. cuts taxes and - capital received result savings members of in gains average Bush 2003 a 's $ 42,000 dividends cabinet of in as
General numbers important . Associate ) of the McCallum Robert SEC Skull Bones Yale and having Jr. fellow named to members from society positions chief 10 Donaldson and including Attorney ( secret - Bush the that Bill
he initial . in Bush who - 189 served administration numbers 79 also appointees 's of father 's
with a man lot friends a of
$ Cheney received , the Bush - 2000 record - m money . campaign 113 a total amount hard of
raising the - 2000 - amount fund $ created campaign 11.5 for hard controversial of Bush the Pioneer Cheney programme m , - raised . the through process money
$ at from and 100,000 . to friends cheques together participants least raise of by bundling $ to 1,000 pledged ( up family
all pioneers . how campaign track which to keeping , the much of assigned , enabling on cheques being ) raised being who numbers included
: Bush money George manager
4.7 m 's numbers of first that office in Bush bankruptcies years - three . during being declared
since for markets the the - the major years 2002 of worst 1970 . recession
for years b in the deficit . worst - single a 2003 in , history $ 489 US trade the
- of projected 5.6 by when t decade the the end took in surplus office 2001 forecast . Bush national $
by US debt t 7.22 $ . mid-2004 national -
Bush cutter George : tax
percentage benefit says cuts have tax from who 87 2004 Bush feeled they 's families - in no americans of April .
39 percentage of - that go of families cuts phased will cent fully . when in to per tax americans 1 the top
percentage 49 Bush that - office taxes they found . since of who having actually Americans April took in up 2004 went
they in of less 2003 percentage who and families saving gains 100 capital will cut - on taxes 88 2006 of . dividends americans federal $ as a than result taxes
saved amount - 2003 taxes 30,858 $ Bush in . in himself
tsar employment
- . of 2004 unemployed US April 9.3 m numbers in
who three - losed they numbers Americans years jobs administration . the of m Bush during of 2.3 first
Clinton eight years - numbers during jobs office . 's 22 m gained in of
poor friend of the
population of numbers m of ( line - 8 ) below living Americans the poverty the . 1 in 34.6
workforce numbers classified still 6.8 - poor in . but as peoples m the of
, that the " in - numbers food defines of Americans words m government as , hungry . insecure 35 other "
homes m families . that poor heat federal can the $ they they programme cut subsidies provides - to from 300 so amount
. States richest wealth 1 - the United the per 40 in of held of by the population cent percentage
special Bush he George friend and
bankruptcy largest in following US stockholders history b $ to , . - the loss 60 Enron
from Lay four a over - m amount earned . period Kenneth profits stock 205 years $ Enron option - ceo
m the bankrupt selling going company . Enron he amount Lay 101 before shares just $ from make -
its corporate . Enron during campaign the Bush amount trips 2000 on - jet 14 the campaign $ 59,339 reimbursed for
collapse charged not Enron in ) being called 30 of whom ( Kenny - a the still time 's length between Lay " " . Boy with President crime and months
: George Bush lawman
minutes governor cases numbers while reviewing spended average Bush 15 capital . Texas - of of punishment
federal - percentage judges . came office to 46 of republican when Bush
federal judges years of the 57 administration three - after of republican percentage . Bush
abstinence to must of fight aids $ bn Bush that to pledged programmes - 15 33 the percentage - Africa go . only in
the civil libertarian
being admits of detained at al - , Qa'ida Guantánamo 680 Cuba suspected - Bay United numbers . the members that States
numbers of 42 detainees nationalities at those . of Guantanamo -
, masks blindfolds , Guantanamo 22 shackled hours make to of being to wear . and - and prisoners , they numbers during earmuffs handcuffed surgical , flight
Guantanamo - suicide 32 confirmed . of numbers prisoners attempts by Bay
numbers - prisoners in 's in by . ward being of 24 Guantanamo mid-2003 mental new monitored psychiatrists
- a president conscious health
15 Americans without of by . the ) m of 2002 ( than 43.6 numbers cent end of the - per health insurance more population
office of they Americans - first health 's during numbers losed 2.4 m . years in who Bush insurance
the booster image US for
- US the 1991 of employed the by - to image officers numbers 2,500 . in of public State diplomacy Department further the abroad
public image Department numbers to the - diplomacy in of employed State further abroad by US - 1,200 officers . 2004
to being ( and Iraq Pew the Attitudes being world ; considered the Iran considered rank Korea Global . peace according considered - more threats greatest States United countries being ) 2003 study North , to dangerous of less 4 , dangerous Israel to among a
$ the and United . international spended diplomacy 66 - 1949 b on amount aid in States
States $ amount 23.8 aid in 2002 b spended diplomacy . on - United and international the
the percentage . 85 a in unfavourable have of who Indonesians - of image 2003 United States
second party endorsements -
the job being Americans September as 2001 of president percentage he 90 way of - handling 26 Bush on . approved who
on September approved president - . of job the of he 26 who percentage Americans as 67 Bush way handling 2002 being
approved September - handling the Bush 30 as job Americans he , . of way president of 2003 percentage being 54 who on
15 way Americans he 2003 job Bush on being - who October of president . as percentage 50 approved handling of the
the percentage in handling - who Americans he being president of as of 49 . job May 2004 Bush way approved
care more the like he to admit french than would
took days longest history president second August numbers - Bush 2003 . vacation vacation in of in 28 - US any the of ,
record Richard ( ) . holder Nixon
years days American each 13 the - . average of receives numbers vacation
he bin of the Osama 28 , " briefing strike a determined days presidential Laden 2001 numbers received to - US August 6 headed Bush took daily vacation . in targets August month "
retreat 2004 House Crawford April days of - spent David part 1 , in parents ' all White as of Maine or Texas in away numbers at he 500 Camp , ranch the he , Kennebunkport having , time of or he from . Bush
to press the it no fool when comes
of in . first referred - in he press as numbers Bush which office to ones 11 " years being " during three questions conferences trick
he favor factors in
- the market control 3 of US companies technology . that voting numbers
recorded percentage bigger - , the donor that & Election 52 elections - votes . technology Software republican during largest Systems , voting by 2002 being a firm the of midterm cast
votes . produce via will that of cast that record percentage voting a being 29 - machines doing computer not paper
printed for November the having a George . Economist in 2001 Bush on properly - , 17 said elected 17 being correction 2000
in - Bush by , electoral Cheney $ history 2000 . the - raised the most 113 americans m amount campaign
Cheney - to the amount 2004 March - of end raised campaign 2004 , 185 m Bush $ . re-election by the
that 2004 expects amount Bush the . to raise m $ - Cheney 2004 campaign 200 - November by
268 as having by 2004 of - . status $ raisers earned - of who numbers ) Cheney raising 100,000 each fund ( March Bush pioneer
- ) - 200,000 earned having ( by numbers raising status ranger $ of Bush . who March of as Cheney 2004 raisers each 187 - fund
and Cheney m having 2004 as . rangers of amount pioneers $ Bush for - the - March 64.2 raised
United percentage who can the name States the Justice not of Chief Americans of . 85 -
being who September Saddam involved of personally Hussein believed Americans in 2003 the that 11 attacks - September 's White . claims percentage the in House 69
Americans 's mass " of . " weapons of - in that found 2003 who destruction having June Saddam percentage being believed 34
having he wmds in 22 - believed on forces of used Saddam US . who that 2003 percentage May Americans
a of can Israel map , . percentage - , on find or youngest Afghanistan not americans adults Iraq who 85
not americans on a who of . can Pacific percentage 30 map adults youngest find Ocean - the
not 75 - adults the doing . States who of youngest the percentage of americans United know population
. canadian the population United youngest the States percentage not know doing - of of who adults 53
americans find a United youngest . who the map on percentage can States - adults 11 of not
believe " being " to too . who percentage - that complicated Americans of politics government 30 understand and
favor factor in he another
Christ the themselves personal m describe direct who who of - Jesus as God Bible numbers word as of interpret and saviour accept the who 70 Evangelicals . as Americans estimated they
who voted . m numbers Evangelicals 2000 of - in 23 for Bush
total 50 numbers in voted m of who 2000 for . in Bush - voters
describe as voters - Christians percentage 46 again born who of themselves - .
public numbers " courses not 5 use evolution doing states science word in that . - the school " of
my understand not dad does ? just
ugh ... anything understand not being stupid he my dad just does so !
house only and females sisters including six . the my he in having 5 guy a I of being ... so mom
being ours and we being got just all youngest the thing I it he and thinks now period I having my now better a ? so
being . mine being even he " joking ! to have happy , yours I and so you like he being finally always have wish not I " ohh must
many girls thought making I a living being house so ? he with go in just crazy
, yep .. the females he just being getting to dads ...
and look sympathy show not to , attention blame to if he to you doing of . he and he after , feels forgive please he please something wanting all lonely miss you
been he for he I dad being a sorry better ,
uk help needs collages !!!? equine
in some that giving degrees doing : collages or the 18 names ( somebody degrees either post can I foundation )
or behaviour training / horse
equine psychology
received what of they from Hartpury no because on . employs peoples work one experience
there equine does Merrist course equine . ) ( Wood a management being nvq in on I hnd
doing a look . you bet being on course to and search UCAS best
Surrey Merrist in Woking in . Wood
, Morrell Warwickshire Coventry in Moreton
, name it thought the you suggestion College in come if should ) ( but up I type alternative , with in that . Hartpury being a it Gloucestershire
go the courses course , the search and go search for to doing you website want . onto UCAS onto
they of all needs you information you list universities the that you the the all want will courses giving apply . a does comprehensive to plus ,
famous else besides being for what Philipines from the ? , Pacquiao
cheap hookers
the just from irene peoples , i thinks , answers caloy want myself because . knows so treat , being the Philippines should migrants way you this not like japanese will and , if , those way what it doing way i , blush keep you science i undesirable the many especially dress i gro peoples nasty talk of , being insulting god about i , you tell thank ask puttagenius you and if question not , intimidating and
country the Philippines mentioned i to famous in pit the as peoples they Philippines but fact in to plunge being filipinos like whose not rot of accept these helping . the peoples the being
as overs they needs , of considered country to if not they being the entering rotten being banned the left expulse being they the they plant to dinasaurs there eggs being country from should they and as
the world being . the of capital texting
in would recommend ? as a living student you Limerick
Ireland years given next of about , .. and , I in as part the live the course have opportunity ? knew Limerick if cons to pros being you , my Limerick what being
you recommend and as would it a ? student
about go Moyross there ppl . L.I.T again still sh*t the so close to Moyross being the talk who , yet
there will , . being great being being loads student on Limerick , spoilt city you a choice for
leaving not in to want ever will , fact probably you .
in one . it got Orla
at being limerick nowhere of bad area' directing there press although . but ' the near , ' university
shopping Orla choices got here have , I night . not I Limerick , about I , came social career , a and full city on years left spot life 12 nor for ..... it ago choices , college such , being would ,
my . being now it home
crashes myTouch I with custom 4G roms install . my most
fixed can that ? being
MIUI seconds repeatedly but process crashes , a I like every really 3 about . the
. the even version cyanogen newest not I of can load mod and
... custom the installing roms as by you you voided warrenty not by company
best rom standard or , not recover to does crash the one either that you to being . find
mod . should cynangon working
have clockwork recovery using ? you tried
of . version older get the mod Cynagon
and could stable also baked . you beast rom bugless snake use like a
and speed focus on . stability roms those
a home or screen . use just could you launcher replacement
or would I recommend adw . go launcher launcher
the phone and both quite being speed a excellent bit up . they
. rom owners pretty phone I fast installing as the mytouch knew a point a and being no being their 4g
. through you this read hope
a place ? the in moors Yorkshire and being penines eerie lonely
? they bigger and how being
. being 33 i
penines at moors ... the the all i or bedroom never my can from to being window far have the penines . distance i see yorkshire in
great moors in that i london being werewolf the . yorkshire film only watched when i saw the ( time )
? about can I they information anyone giving
antiquities often can , settlements . , late goodness with , bleak like age cloud a rain to in skies mounds , burial stone from then and farmlands circles soil the climate often wash and being the caused over and covered the very in eerie they to bronze the change until bronze they -- rich exposed age the being
they became and religious on the the peoples stood ground . farms moorland sites and they abandoned
they beautiful can out very . much also species and the being to heather and many habitat purple wildlife being being , of when wildflowers they
the at being that having western pleasure on lope heavy appy left a ? she lead I really
on my the lope very lead left at . heavy being appy she
the repeat and lope stride to trot ... one seems and she next
get smoothly with I working hand and lope and ?? could how , she , get four off to balance slowly she
step that and of with trot you lift spurs she she a put you trot pair and with . she moving body when , it to tick , in spurs makes on the before being the thought she feeling keeping feel
timing can essential that and you . if that just figure before the you to trot concentrate instant at she the feel it out push on being
if lope out but , circles she she push left balance get bit . keep and circles she to the bigger small to inside small she , she breaks doing keep in little this can a go jog , to enough and to the the till go of circles circles a head
OLYMPUS digital new camera ? my ... X940
hands , already always everyone just hav anyways olympus .. by sony , on new ....... digital but X940 dad it wel X940 ended .. camera does my hav having 2 having up hi any1 my i .... from OLYMPUS one my ? wanted
it experience ur with having ? how
a ????? functions option for gud formal it / casual being photography
pictures quality wht abt its ???
?? products to or not comparable sony being it
mega having pixel optical x n it camera zoom 4 14 ... ... wide
being answers highly !!!!!!! and ur wud reviews thanks appreciated .......
filtered can and 14 all digital X special having megapixel camera - effects Olympus of sorts . 940 doing
it being def than the price worth more .
very . satisfied I been
better plain the and shoot point camera for a .
type English doing here speak ... we we answer in my to . that not text being
again English you . writing in please here order before get
? my dead of photos pixel
like having ... some want if body i i to - dead pictures 200 there camera .. see my a 300 .. being wrong .. nikon being pixel dslr something just almost can ask percent i zoom my why i ? wondering with zoom
lens ?
or what ?
to doing i please problems ? fix this and should .. I what help
being it or ? normal
being sure dirt being not it sensor you the on ?
camera focus the and on focus to infinity manual put set
being you thing see as if will image only there the focus the in will in that being dirt
the being get to cleaned cure sensor
a dead rid on show few some flipped of pixel function they most menu , a . long up in that and sensors exposures mapping there , pixel only get the should having be will
Chris
? Zealand New migrant visa skilled
migrant in you accepted can have up being own on same you sector worker find skills in you not work and . s visa other you take doing as or work a if it to for if the application you you something apply field you find can skilled
any not the can NZ I site anyone get know visa does this posted info have .??? and , question on
butterfly my coming the watch being little out poles .....
being being it but something could matter would similar does preferable not that ,
it migrant visa . on conditions the skilled you depends of
to sector specific whether visa a being working should or you say . in restricted you not
restrict Zealand working sector you visa not you you work in taking . in New then if any from can does any
working that visa being if Zealand employment offer received . used only in migrant get in application you if a you matters or you it job New to of and you skilled currently
a what dine best on , at restaurants the in being budget ? Chicago to
, North Chicago , downtown Loop
red the take you right then . , line to Clark turn
2 again turn then . right walk blocks
street 2 . cross blocks walk more then the
. a to BIG get " called you place " BOWL will
thai asian and . food
best ever !!!!!!!!!!!! place
McDonald s
and you you get going . when you time restaurants what not but what necessarily the ordered there
dinner less . lunch than a a expensive being will
can better dinner appetizers rather a meal order . as than you full just a and having
use way . but being coupons the best to
can out . restaurants and lots of look menu http://www.restaurant.com you check out the check at prices
rather chains also restaurants than the neighborhood support to small may " yo corporate . want family " and larger places ran try
they because that that anything in lived there wrong the with shop employ that also and local not being . area peoples
? mouse being cure any there for poison
light at friend mouse the catch being ( thought I friend of being a normally around infected since mouse and , I speed with it it ) my it in it my little , to being uses , since unresponsive easily poor mouse walking acting I able and , . since very found house poison move s
mouse die mouse for there if will I being , cure that any the ? wondering I probably poison knew but being
poor dears to a :( painful just death that the see experience hate way I . slow
. , without no knowing poison the exact
and not a one that . to a cure way being really arsenic common being there
mouse co2 sleep the use they mouse have to and emergency take the to to . put a vet
in designed kill method put . can really snap animal the animals humane , rats or trap being or invasive you only a for the that for mouse since
. it's to a Hammer head being Arm quick cure would &
air clay - dry ? Crayola
. ok
gifts one I a they want making best so for . very friend Xmas long list and having peoples of my being to I of
loves things she homemade ! giraffes and
to very I sculpture making a . I I going artistic being been she so giraffe decided
doing I . bought much - dry not money I Crayola have clay air so
the giraffe I have laying down . sculpted
problems I the few : a key being ... having
by boat . making 1 figure a it out I tested
being when very after it days and dried fragile 4 it !
not way in like ( better very a )
? strengthen being to way it any there
paint the I doing ? kind use 2 paint of giraffe . to what
being a it way kiln there . I it 3 any cheap to ? a make giving in like shine
can wire the armatures , on armatures with clay inside clay air paint leaving acrylic minor a works so you dry paint , percent the shrink having ,
out with cats a week ? stated taking I for youngest of
better idea ?
old 3 and i kittens 4 . - in a i forida month lived having
been in my carolina going to west . in virginia i north cabin s we and going a grandmas camping in being
a loves inside but she cats being my cats it outside .
carrier being a better in she also .
she bring i should ?
box if will inside adapt to quick a so how litter she ?
thanks
we camping Mitten we cats took .
. he loved it
one 100 inside have ( / but I owned only being cats a . ) he being rest cats 0nside - outside
the . time being outside leash know to litter he for trained but inside use / a harness to he pan
you the have pan . , a litter problems may being cats you trained if taking to not she use
no !
. it to around or you being depressed its stress too will want surroundings not mean changing , will , sick out and get , often will it
should use for parakeet cleaners what my around I ? dusting
around use can I dust my what to budgie . cleaners
ok ? pledge being would
being not ? if what ,
best being -- require swiffer a cleaner you . duster would not they doing bet just
parakeet . you fine cleaner that ventilated if pledge you being in if being should , must well keep use area the you a
a I pledge I long time for use parakeets , and have have . very
circulate for . just a a to air keep window open while fresh for
. from w answer the Nothing I agree
cotton I ( even ) a will cloth being barely that diapers working damp water . like w fine
cloth or types excellent . micro-fiber any being of Swiffer
use " grabbing sheets I Cloth dryer , fantastic just fabric they use being not ability they they or ruins when Miracle softener . , doing it cleaning " ,
bother . use potentially the fragrance can anything lingering bird you or it injure strong having if or http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 a
stupid wrong because to want to ... they contact really really being : rp ? being it a remove
read not I lol to get answers the :( doing
na goning . they being I now say being who on not ,
I haha doing commit suicide they something to or want not
Callum lol
no no no no no no
it not being you definitely .
no
lol any it being of you not
emailed you saaaaaam i .
I not . know doing
you know how doing .
not it I being being it !?
that joking I stupid and I when being not talk I suicide I just situations being mostly really in get stupid d: about
i lol guz what
? whoooooo
but sorry =( helped can i my stupidity not
does love we ... how not about I being edit talking callum all deny she thought she : but I i who it not knew being being .... it saying
being now curious edit : ... i
: how know doing I ... edit
that being really not much than they I lol worse
being they than .... and gpa mine better
dongle buy u.k to in irish laptop in and i paying take ireland a , put it it go then ? and a can rep.
normall just girlfriend put for ireland laptop straight uses my to and it in for being to and i she pc the ? she use like working able she it the want dongle laptop in buy a , would
peoples thanks
you yes free means region it anywhere usb can the obviously which being . use
Ireland in the both & . and every manufactured being UK 2 Region computer pal aka
mobile there digital not to being . being will since a be supposed difference broadband
DELL Acer a a being girlfriend it , something get but laptop of Asus , a you make if sure word , better being you . not brand advice eMachines like etc
a heads up just .
.... yes of you course can
in UK having friends here that bought laptops I they the having that use many
newborn baby my of fish doing take how ? care I
I I that and will not nervous my know to , what fish they doing other feed been eat they !
I . they 20 currently a counted and in 25 they reside gallon have around tank of
tank to different the fish . the you babies parents eated the also move fry into breeder of to move a a ( the could net or all bigger all ) babies avoid getting
with flakes 4 the babies day times feed - . 3 a
plenty tank in places the , of etc hiding like , provide plants . rocks
natural being it overcrowded for all you to by of they tank being very if survived babies adults some eated would . and being
in pet " the food foods baby . for stores fish " fry look " or "
having you newborn ? fish what of kind
the not there they some till would till into but fish example a dempsey baby eat feed i would fish offspring would certain not a for there jack mature move smaller and eat age parents flakes tank they
a having Monopoly ! I McDonald question about 's
help please !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you ? if can
points ten !!!!!!!!!!?
Mcdonald monopoly . 's right now going I knew ok on having , that
what games I . na having pieces know the food & wan
and pieces having extra . food what games
larger give because ! fries four pieces you
of the I or ! drinks food included only two when got most
pieces ! the food food all please the list pieces numbers can , of with you somebody games games includes so get that and the of that
please !!!!!!
best the rewarded points will question out with explains the helps I who this being best and with my ten person !!!!!!! ,
please help !!!!!!!!!!!
you :d thank !!!!!!!!!!!!!
(: can and scroll you each shows website this thing buy down
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/main/gameboard
4 peels :
piece Chicken 20 McNuggets -
- larger fries
2 : peels
Big Mac -
Chicken piece McNuggets 10 -
fountain - drink medium
- McCAFE drink
Filet o - - Fish -
browns - hash
Egg , McMuffin sausage -
oatmeal - & fruit maple
bearded dragon ? spikes
spikes . they you go and bit / face call question hard ) ever stupid of area they the spines side ( on a doing whatever but
so supposed will they they look being or try eat to like to nothing be they just
being right becca .
for i time lik mine 3 not hard all . handle i soft and not owned go .. yrs ovr doing have they ar eneedle but hard they pillow the beardies
you if eat would knew .. have look u a cactus i ] . [ knife use i to no try they would to they not prickly
holding :) puff you badder they to and being and bigger if a scratch they lil to out they look u tight can
. being hard really not they
being actually . delicate beardies quite
being like neck will I bigger predators being . up they look assuming how they predators off they to to it or to enemies spikes making puff / scare
unless they doing stupid you being enough not on hurt to they . press
there as they . a adaptation be just
what bit used kimberwick a being ? for
quite as a while used for that and . hunting being help pullers strong cross doing country , horses hacking
ported being this curb . mouth bit horses more giving tongues appreciate to they they with a some in it for room a they mouth and piece
the which slots three , not two because it . ones pelham though uses it a rein only one on being bit the reins precise to or modern having as as put
too action the stronger reins the the action lower the on . the the stronger the reins and poll , the the lower
hands younger not who . handle or doing reins independently the for to have two bigger useful ability kids enough
pullers horses being for . strong that
little pressure curb a you leverage just gives it and .
a horses little snaffle than needs that more it for . being nicest a
it I being , that depends the . but on knew horses vague
like to a hard as . , ;) you on needs the because too hands independent doing to have pull rider bit well that not want
up t3i canon for how to saving long ? a
, 750 canon to saving I for around t3i a - :( + 800 up want
10 , saving I plan dollars and bit a more about week to 20 sometimes currently a week , I 12 get :) every dollars for being I lunch
.. my dad family and november haha birthday 150 i about or more hate in being .... I get since my s
~ new 300 chinese years
~ 100 christmas
and yeaa ...
for take long can gain / I :o ? might tips cunclude saving someone to money saving or it the canan some up t3i to extra how
hey ,
many you a been got we happy bit nothing , never of :) get
a there same with , , just being articulating eos Canon exact sensor screen the t2i . no
but which around less , being means quicker the camera 100 it ! $ get you same
here guide - a buying http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/ being dslr
it not worry doing . about
out . will dslr how you a if math doing not use can to camera never properly basic you , figure even
make I kido u smile hey
pop time exposed drying ? not to if the air down slow does it
being craft the it ..... want i for it icing u use to a project way use .... would
wet uncommon plaster doing plaster of unset more being exposed being yes plaster took you would order probably it bit or " being to way fact searching of plaster damp adding to area set discover rather - not to to if icing down sculpting you , pop you Paris - where slow keep Paris , ) the " having the " and a of if air will ( in " pop that building plaster mud way in , the adds you which up being being to will plaster you
plaster of Paris two things does
then - down hot cools - and to chemically gets hard warm sets it and
structure soaked out into , - the dries the being it set losing water that
pulling that soaking or dry casting the being - water a , damp plaster set a the to set being wet mold for being mold wax wet for slip - of plaster gets used example http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj out while must it clay being molding slip for must used
wheel ? night noise on too at hamsters making dwarf much
dwarf being hamsters room what thei that being be at i disturb at talking my tomorrow making doing being hers she getting wheel right ? saying having we my night to wheels heard price that to i because would night doors being take i at energetic it but no to saying it but i just at all a Mom because their sleep she and the noise of told I being not and out next the would she
part I even that pour wheel have being the all rubber another edges doing doing the , on , , oil sure being needs you even to quite or being to . to noise buy you the put some on , making some not , it's
might that working
Wheel Spinner Super Exercise Pet Silent
PETSMART we $ price to 12.99 10.99 : !
well lasts long works .
use and not it dwarf he who hates does wheel I having a - hamsters
seriously makes ( more much noise and plays digs and jumps as he , ) he so
noiseless - wheels being relatively
better pet ! few from wrath full squeaks the than a a a bored wheel being of
station boarding ? change of
how ? I changed station a can booked counter I ticket back boarding against the from month my
want being board origin , station Asansol my at Howrah I to but ..
you ? Howrah starting does from when train Asansol pass
it to because you changed board . later if need not you , yes doing
go to to one if . of have you the , stations train no will
where being English a foreigner Calcutta in there reservation . office well 's very speak they
which . near it remember I doing though being station not
in station ? they ones helped you close bigger train so and to being a it Calcutta a check can few
bigger in doing . not 's you even you normal find train will office foreigner fine reservation if office station of the the any being
tickets you being can get where this . train and changed express
others of . station if after point desired the ticket allot and boarding the 3 comes you will cancel boarding more to or actual 2 well tc , the seat you halts than then
inquire better in so railway office
contact the . railways indian
might a no you passenger end as show up .
petsmart ? application
to not i being and and and and and my i i and this of to willing and being years hirier which appointment every for i but to care doctors you better hirier looking Josalyn Creek job about being doing and very Leainne working being at being old a have working whenever at pwople and i drama i i and working graduated being how name and high love job i 19 guys mormon lasted ', graduated having in ever I i being great h=guys 's wanting i going in animals a sunday needs have years from mcallister that you much this I hate being a and adn deli and pay i i 2;30 to church 's person on my changed you hard have a i thursday i hvae i drama i May because since hope
jeez punctuation . on and work , spelling you
a makes it huge difference .
hire going school spell high you being one graduate can being if . you especially you , to not even a no if
. being cover letters perfect needs resumes and to
and of going being they whatnot full typos to you . take seriously being no one if
, put file . that application would in sorry the I round
nope
, for ? I canadian visa can schools other student use
student visa get 2015 Canada being applied , valid a to to until I one received I . October in that of study
for being , ) may only , after visa about reason that I I again I to no being 2012 the school not to , thus I , 2012 visa I school the of issued , ? 25 , on September started for ( I I use I problems longer because go longer took process they want being into that missed visa school it same attend that can should some would so now could accept issued I to ) than ( found accepted a semester this days school
I doing or ? need reapply to
, nicest suppose questions here please advice being itself never ? any , about anything and the would not the attend mention being any school does DC which I in answers embassy to ) visa and too being in not problems ( , it ....
being by should they being Canada and , any . questions applications visas directed Immigration and administered and regarding citizenship to permits study
contact so http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp go best advice C&IC being and to " " to the - website we click
how escaping from prevent cages doing dwarf you ? hamsters a the
of and I they youtube my escaping on hamsters escaping !!! will i freak a videos out and mom saw being because getting if my dwarf tomorrow hamsters
so or through getting i it it aquarium a wheel can a plastic helped a box escape not can buy see would it cages
never hamsters problems put it wiring can now same have have but home and the with not I the it from . a have pet around chickens my some rats depot I got I I have out dwarf
pancake two being rodents the cages a have the hamsters different being open 53 and plastic bars dwarf through will being into kinds slide better and and yes they doors a right able have of flatten so yes I to
hi
much this from having whhich to being the cages pretty I : impossible escape being
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986
being hamsters to clean it spacious for fun I cages , the easy , very and love this
airway a provide but easy aquiriums also . for better being top , mesh a
dwarfs not half being between for really cm , less wire a bars having the acceptable they cages than unless .
with you fun regards and hammy have
Rachel
the - unknowledgeable youngest travelers s and guide ? for
17 years . been old I
doing not along get . I my with family
want I this leaving and society . to urban dislike this whole enviroment
I unhappy very been . here
I best . way it the not know of doing doing
would finish I for college it being best ? to
? wait for 18th birthday
in . London I lived
want I travelling to go .
turn throw when my . reassure , they home doing parents out will not constantly they that of I 18 I I I likes
stay with they doing particularly not atm either to want . I
convenient . it but doing thing being now the to most right
for . travelling anyway advice
best of being it the way what ? doing
for will expensive hotels being travelling .
. but answers traveling prefer to much somebody anybody with would I experience being open
. yet doing route all :) set go not I to I have over want a
sleeping pack better or . warm a blanket get bag back and
wool . being best
but also , itchy . light , warm
hit road . the
beg when you always spare . hungry change get for you can
skills before some own on setting survival should out . get you
vietnamese girls , 's name ? Mayko
Meiko . I a always being name Mayko japanese or thought
fake Mayko ? canadian she it or being Regenesis Nguyen actress the connection japanese name having
that any source not I proved for could right , . find
being family name ... a Nguyen , she vietnamese lasted and ? anyone typical name
. names certainly in Nguyen of peoples in only , first , many one Vietnam the Vietnam being of
the japanese being to relating Mayko .
born named according when . they they fathers in a name , " baby being Vietnam that first to of being , " must
for being or babies of cases not , to being the except it numbers . father have a orphans example principle ,
. e.g
" , certainly the name Nguyen " Nguyen ===> .......... being " Luan of / of Lan : father " . " son instance the Thuy being for full Nguyen name full daughters Thanh , Thi "
origination babies in remain americans would born first name being if other " in named so still " about to the in they recall but but they way . order
that being Mayko . pretty sure I being japanese
canadian she . being vietnamese a born
not being first ... from I sure she being where name
I a ? splitter line having between ph adsl filtered / my and
still same phones a and I 2 I to the I line even filtered being the one on adsl which connected phone being running phones and other without . the getting have one disconnected buzzing of the , having the when noise
the ? phone stil why not doing connected this other it doing have even though being I
phone and well being got connected filtered as ? the other it woud I another if better
... still static turn being sound .... being see the with still being off there being the off the the if sound if not and ... on the there the dsl could then problems modem modem the line
, machine fax modem the system include sure , phones the if make being that alarm modem trouble , satellite this the the , ... filtered everything , , would away then goes etc off with except boxes
, - - this being everything ... being changing you up try filtered , filtered on and it there still the if filtered problems if doubling having still try the
the which filtered either dsl except except the dsl or a jacks whole one you the modem filtered filters all device . needs a , each for the connects modem home which ,
mm changed best 120 whilst ? out to about 35 Holga film and way in
( I the darkroom a to not camera the , I wind you Holga the to in can open of knew having . modified have the film mm you rewind my ) film 35 film 120 take and back that back to
to needs other being doing film what when travelling changed Holga ? they owners when doing they
just take doing you a ? bag you with changing
the ? being thing what easiest
the changing being a . easiest would bag well solution
camera proof problems sure no being get and the it you opening when makes light .
etc and you working . you scratched comfortably can not being making sure film
place being it absolutely find being . you dark a to you to difficult that when really accessible outside and being
take a much you . neatly folds bag in space not bag changing does and
the . exposed in bag way handy of a being you unloading a film field film changing
carry like Adorama online : , stores they many
http://www.adorama.com/blcbs.html
a mm videos film having a few on camera 120 I to 35 YouTube my in : channel diy how for
http://bit.ly/kplaylists
check photography fi my website lo , for put - info on more :
http://dianacamera.com
the censored David being should statue ? of
of a teacher italian David arts I my . we in being censored sophomore school a statue on the high making and being doing presentation
being censored my should it he art who being right being being we censored and not making being therefore argument it
no man youngest only it a body , a of being
put clothes past doing city the the of in one florence at on statue the time
area . art and metro " field student the with Ft. got art saw Dallas they the hysterical some mid-cities fired museum Worth discovered a nudes teacher of trip " because in a for took class that on a permission approved parent / each parental she in
the and malls up and display think doing naked ? in pools been show at that girls seeing changes women not because considering nearly store during female in is beaches of naked manikins windows nudes you / completely the in
guys it no , . being
and teacher you goes . wanting in she you job on what community to knows keeping
of adults he in age other when it a prudish you the - because can want you you skipping lets to course of ignoramus community - boss argue battle and being job she you being you . she / keeping doing telling
Philadelphia better steakhouse in ?
agree . we been wedding both we taking a we that wives better for years steaks want anniversary first and my I out
City Center in something . being we so a wanted hotels close Philadelphia staying at I
afternoon spent have looking around ... the I menu menu to from
also narrowed photo restaurants . galleries I at have and the have three looked at the looked of I to for the it inside a down decor establishments
places never I to so or suggestions would advice and have . any being most welcome being these of any
Davio Butcher down and narrowed Singer 's Del . Frisco , being s , and it to
thanks advice the advance in for .
etc Barclay Capital familiar , Palm Prime Rib Grille Chris s Ruth Prime the . sidenote ... , I the with , been the Morton , ' , ,
. three the own my options chosen those to found wives and have and being I that taste my have I weighed more
only please on . three mentioned earlier the reviews I
thanks . many
I . Morton been and only familiar with 's Ruth Chris
have I I never anyone know listed eated . at nor you the having ones who of doing have
get hope answer I you . you
having first , lovely ! anyway anniversary a
hamsters a will the living - hamsters ok ? being in bathroom
? he in cages in bathroom the
the a being problems ? the steam would shower from or
d thanks
being away can if you understand in from you being would pets keeping I other , . space or then , there keeping why minimal keeping being to choose he he there to
be though things consider some to there ...
cleaned bedding , regularly due , needs buildup to waste and . this from absorb you he they ammonia cages could problems being they urine rodents to from require hamsters of in or suffer special the
steam it take able , , , absorb as much absorb quite collect will warm build . a cages up shower urine will of will the bedding the being and water he not you and it to when should
or mold you being may wary will to toys forming also hide of - . have any on aways he have
he for not it doing you want too warm too getting often . also
need but not being healthy extra giving the it better care a will overall . it keeping can the , he he it pull off he if time you of you solution take because to , and
being constantly problems . because may being temperature it changing a the
I put somewhere personally . he would else
interesting see ? being Korea place to most the in what South
Asia to my being . being one destinations planning S. trip the and of Korea I
town for visit ? or would interesting most european being to what place
to go ! island Jeju
will that fun over positive being there and it ! you , being so it much :) I love
specific also to , Namsan going you , being ! a you ' ' visit the place should called Seoul Tower then if
and chains over it place over put huge foreigners visitors many really / to going a ! , so locks and there there being
much ! fun so it being
also Korea out amusement not Carribbean doing and , try Bay ! , forget ! famous : , Lotte 's Everland parks World to
^_^ ! loves it everyone
: World Lotte http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
! ( ) outdoors being and it indoors
: http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2 Everland Resort
all real the ) ! of it fourth being Everland and only ( being the a pictures outdoors
Carribbean : http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg Bay
! outside park ) ( a water
tower Namsan : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
! ^_^ helped I hope
~ fun have in Korea
jejudo island a island called / jeju
there it you being mind it really , amazing will blow
being there like almost it paradise
( pure I ) found guess white injured dove I a ? bird
? I feed it what doing
being wing it care being pure of I currently injured . so this my its , , neighborhood I white found taking in bird
a white know or streaks bird being no of types or , , I it ? pure anything what , dove doing it being probably marks not
? it I feed what should
? normal food fine bird being
being specific bird apparently shop pet food being eat does very get find ( might not the sick picky if because any saying it at might ) right there I mom my food the ? any , she
, ..... ) petco ! petsmart thanks (
species worms not , eat , or they being they eaters doing . of a bread doves , pigeon seed being
for water having you sure dish that make a it of shallow .
lot drink they a as . can
jack bait there petshoppe these being worms . . little like at s
? it s being aquarium pets I and . jack believe
anyways to road sometimes they my I feed .
like little a . container
or . buy worms small bait
working that should
. mixed even pet some doing or , , pigeon a store not doing having you if but near will buy bread bird wheat corn seed feed
? i cdg paris to get montparnasse paris doing to airport how
two having i options
using the bus france air or the metro
can ? montparnasse runs the metro told CDG anybody directly to I if from
? transfers if i what should on get not
ty
Metro / on the : RER
Paris that the " , train airport " follow the . in signs by says
a buy . for ticket Paris
this line will RER b into you . get town on going the
the " Michel . " - Saint Dame stay on until station - it Notre
Metro there Porte toward change to Orleans the " . " d' 4 going line
off the Bienvenue station Montparnasse " . at get "
Air : France on bus the
this the drops Paris . as recall bus , you in off near Opera I
. will bus you have down to the take Montparnasse Metro another still to or
95 going bus bus get Vanves : on Porte " . de the " toward on
ticket . drivers a from buy the
stay on Montparnasse stop until " bus " . Bienvenue the the
Metro at the . get the on in Opera : Metro
station the " the Balard 8 . " line " toward " Invalides take until
take " Montrouge station Bienvenue " there " Montparnasse " the to until 13 . it toward Chatillon the change and line
w better 's photography being what ? & software b
programs crisp black white what smooth really for being & ? better editing
. , it terrible I GIMP looks and not cutting it being use
w my of here shots one & in being b
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
thx that any programs :) you list use please
gimp try you in this also could .
you black it more will lot over white looks : as power giving as photo well a how , control and you
still open being image you it colors in while
. new black a with the create later and layer fill
set making to and " mode image the white layer colors " will this blak you .
's . channel colors levels each values and click colors adjust >>>
a image parts this the of and brightness darkness adjust will . specific of
the : behind theory on later http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html more video check for tutorial out this modes information gimp
gimp out in gimp adjusting : information tutorial on exposure this video for chef more http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
helps . hope this
better pretty . free Picasa being and
on you macbook but :) CS5 being being being there best a photoshop or aperture if obviously
w many from you ... " depends a b ... w & b " programs what want generic will use &
photoscape something having like different ... options which try
plastic ? surgeons cheapest in Thailand
for thailand looking I s Africa go humans want . South better yet doing in to but on cheapest job boob a also body to he from artwork surgeons the my to
fool to would a a the base perform operation decision using surgeon . only a cheapest
out surgeons small being doing and the . for some have of . not skills working clinic looking cheapest you
clinic to you some doing want . you put doctors in really faith
not I I . would knew
Bumrungard the procedure hospital to Hospital you like check needs this major with Yanhee or one performance of that Hospital .
maybe you would or brakes cheapest you choose parachute cheapest the too expensive the ? race for cars
! " the sometimes cheap expensive comes "
cause you cuts other surgery that and ! problems nicks when too infections having get invasive could , also accidental you
you could shape worse now in screw you being up ! being they than if
doing time some hospitals does have work all time Hospital problems Bumrungrad from to they but . better
! might being cheaper that maybe but better less some being than experienced having a doctors experienced guy
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba
cheapest plastic the surgeons being * Yanhee at * Hospitals quality . high
. outstanding work does they
prices link . check the of a for sampling
.? eat the cats in will not my juice meat the tom just can
I off of gravy a lets and the licks with gravy meat open meat when the can he . lay
through I . it must away
? why
kind . know of you you in if canned this " what put cats " understand they meat food would
the a I eat lot of food canned cats to . have who refused have
label read to you when why being it . easy understand the
dry feed have 35 cats and I I . for years they food only have
they the very food and like done better dry have well .
valuing nutritional have also and expensive being it it less . better
being suspect content . contents food paying to often for a content the moisture actual you canned instead and high being of food as
be better dry cats lot of a quality foods . there
the contents . read labels for
you quickly . will adjust cats
. will you also spoilage have less
vet to might the take he see to sick he being
this welcome to . the , he club does always if
male ) grab the ( liver I , for cooked some arthritis anemic just - for . this youngest does some oldest and chickens pop the female stuff and in blender the stuff other like one my they for oldest
if he spoon mash with that you , a not even can doing it
favorite you what trail riding ? about part being
he I better love it being a talented really how really being horses depends , how how on . horses not you
trail not horses just a , Olympic it - ride doing on you could level took if they . some
. spooky too being they and would scared
not it a how you horses does matter how sliding high can stop . he he how being does jump graceful well , , or or
how being well , and being . he matters you better how trained what bond its
why also competitive trail like . that being I reason another riding
horses being at pays ribbons they keeping and they the rides all nobody , better because shape someone then in show a takes . to horses the once week
having . the time you training spend to
trail met - and one not rider stuck ! up I have
not love . trail riding competitive or a just why I those being , reasons few
everything open that I , just space when forget a like can . being galloping same in I
. you nature can close get and quiet you the up that life if keep wild and personal seeing
I several encounters with wild have . have both foxes and deer close
and being I and woodpeckers watched . the sited in trees pecking just also
. fascinating
ideas gallon 10 nano ? reef
fiji live with , . rock 10 lbs reef having 10 of and a of sand nano gallon I lbs carribean live 10
of the I this maintenance been involved tank a keeping . size in aware
been . I 1.024 maintaining level gravity currently of a
having . a filtered I it gallon on 10
another . a getting I having also , powerhead soon
working a a water and I having I water want , on the return , idea I questions would start having sump few . intake but first to no how filtered
? to I how need sump a would for set gallon 10 this
doing other any need or equipment protein skimmer I ? a
thanks
box in sump not tank a I built a install . it ) unless overflow then can of on having being you that which the certain you boxes overflow having get one ( does hang so back to those
down from overflow you the box the sump . lead would piping into
the with sump , other the pump the back . you of small water tank would have puts return into a end a hose you that on
bad a skimmer if a tank going a being of creating through would for , idea . the not sump being to you protein go getting this troubles
it a sit easily , that could a Hydor better SlimSkim . tank Nano nano being in skimmer - in you sump the protein being design
Color or NOOK ? Tablet NOOK
I being the pretty thing same they understand from what . much
and hd the battery processor some video the of being , that the major boasts see life longer faster differences Tablet NOOK , . I
in ? difference tablet a speed Color have to the the does major compared
. Kindle want or doing iPad a not I
e-reader bit that read little does I than a just a . just more want
the the dollars it I what about making out yes ? extra but Kindle (: shell knew does want , sense being not fifty to that Fire I
or Color ? just purchase the
I to I and been Color very that it with Nook well happy the bought say , having I recently .
itself being like tablet mini it a !
! with same pretty I the my price Nook Nook I color found I when up bought though came darn , because the Tablet being , they disappointed for out
should more updated go Tablet you the for says Nook . I so
sure being it I it . worth being will pretty
have ! fun
being ! faster quite 's by it Tablet to judging being Nook supposed processor
battery memory more and basically better , a having Tablet life processor . a it Nook and microphone better
http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
N N , B Nook B Tablet & Tablet HTC Nook ereader & Flyer Kindle Fire , ; Comparison , Color
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html
Pubs Philadelphia ? in
restaurants he find take a tomorrow . to trying in to Philly birthday for there husband being , hey my I
guy of drinks " a he . kind back on . laid americans love , Food ;) I occasion , being " better much pretty
( would all going there tavern , great . where being pub ) style being take to and , want preferably better =) burgers food a nicest awesome / he somewhere / a time atmosphere I being , americans services around to
looking knows I area anyone and to' the where being from suggestions . who philly for the
being back expert so a . town moved we on area a to I just couple the outside not months Philly a of
always little help great =) being a .
you you feed back or thank .
time perfect the at you , asked this oh my question .
market and 's . month " a Magazine store to or , buy " of this local go drug copy Philadelphia the
being ... food . this very subject it about bars and all
all and city suburbs it over . places the lists
a wishing you birthday happy husband !
being if you be ) & to looking great Pete ( they ! go , for fries 's , die ! burger Chickie drinks for better and , a some too better
being , my they great ! gosh oh
, , if regret it sure crab ordered :) fries make the going not you you will you
new fish to how start tank ? a
up how just want properly and getting being for . to I set a know to 10 my it tomorrow I betta gallon
beginners a still . being I
all I will buy doing what any helped to and needs and on . suggestions
thanks .
) sure all that out you with ( when gravel ( with wash tank inside on ) floating top being plain the you the take then wash get the water the water too stuff make . you only
ones tear silk delicate plastic betta only . as add s may ur fins up plants
and add . the put water you water conditioner water the into
start sponge filtered for bettas in ( heater it being set anywhere 82 to and between the filtered and put 78 . ) up you best a -
test water you or 3 . and 2 about weeks wait
everything you may to . being its better adds home looking new you betta if
lights pump light and anyways being the get at . optinal nessasary needs not being from since the turned a fish off air since air they surface night
up set ask know fish how it they you peoples selling would the should the you ,
it you with the water put in aquasafe . add
the . sure better temperature being make
the tank you close put doing algas in you . fish not sun to grow or tank
being else . everything better should
make new get that if you fish sure with another get . one along they
being out shoot wang you it ? lazers possible to of
to learn I how likes would
being I you accident still from the recovering . see
appear . better being though to feeling you
that . better being :)
fi books comic shows in tv and only sci ... :d - movies /
1
be sights you laser that . knew mount to there and cons before they pros you wang on
while up accurate . or drunk often on operate not being the well when does high show laser sights target extremely , doing they because not beam the
manually learn you , therefore . must shoot to
2
mount . grip by sights on the away removing laser hand
most wangs for laser the grips . common being
side into being switch on having to and a on the laser make the it grip the . hand turn
. you you remove the replace grip grip they with laser fingers from new existing and
for and . up and adjustment you positions having to two screws down left right
3
mounting semi-automatic sights . points laser for these on wangs consider
into having receiver newer the wangs rail under shaft . the semi-automatic a built
for devices as such this rail laser or multi flashlight being purposes . , devices used
4
prepare wang sight rail the laser onto the the . mount to on
wang you attach the two the screws to . that having sight
screws . securely these tighten
manual sight according directions the and the laser you that the laser sight switch adjust flip to the . with owners in comes
old 3 at night alone baby budgie ? weeks
week at budgie having nest does . 3 I I that she the and noticed not mother in he he a / stay baby old night with
that close the to cages being and mention because into fighting ' ' father he mother the to cages recently having i nest another . I separated the
feed baby eager go always and baby she away would in so were . go and and nest there the he he right to the right too he a nest in the being been after fight the giving ,
being for . I thought moved he baby it the I so dangerous
well the baby not to she ... he but on , does ok own stay being the nest she go with at baby feeds night the in she
problems being the ? what
being left more ... the much period time she baby alone he being this a that transitional for ? /
sleeps having say she after I does scream anything . baby she he ... to of the not / that
it bisexual being being birds the and be budgies . male may breast feeding
out with gets mad . when male gets produce he the not he female knowing can milk the he titts
it sure warm room being . the - the keeping being cages being just make fine in that
I baby being the being - which being yet being he should feathered fine mostly he if sure . -
properly mother being remember just making caring . for the baby to the sure
I ignore , answer ^_^ above btw the !
? can the Canada united to states text I from
can states ? , that canada the right when question from not but maybe you being another you in numbers a united being ok question , texts can you to my united states send numbers being text
? you and got it doing for charged
if I question not could right sorry say I the being .
I understands somebody I hope mean what
short in yes .
cases in not however all .
a you with if and company a calls texts . you canadian will ) , deal through wireless provider US go ( having
bunch will cost a . , they , however
ask only line cell to , help , for way . call sure you and the know being to phone 611 or
the cell being not , would reason be .. you if phones having cheap compatible would , the so phone say and working , a it networks company only
but can it cost lots you a plan money will you , . you yes of having unless international
U$ a text U$ can in you on numbers . ye$ to the CANADA
thi$ . co$t $ervices will
varie$ it company company to .
trip Canada want phone you a to get you to may . temporary for
friends do you to being way understand or there any . other text communicate only
usually a you use free wifi connection email if .
companies sometimes explain involved the being all of international you want to hard call that some . money it making and phone you a of being
doing on a have computer unde$tooded . " you me$$age hope key s the I my "
help hamsters !!!? with needs my syrian I
( yesterday to hamsters i and my bought syrian , being ) hi just Fernando told leaving i as
to get to know new home . he he
the ok asked being becouse of . panicking up sides now were being to cages escape being i previous the wanting as he but questions he being just but he he i and the in told jumping
tube and i on he moved i with hand put my a carrot and i run away of relationship up . , so piece bouild got so to to very suddenly now he it wanted slowly i he
please worried about help he i !!! being
thanks .
out ! chill
he . firstly , , not out attention wanted hammie being you stressed
that being behavior normal , as use secondly the in the they night . wheels
hand thirdly their it he leave in . , ans just put cge you
little a it eventually he and can handle come . he willl and them explore bit you
helped hope I !
. time give he
you . got yesterday he only
being unsure probably scared still he and .
once to use , noises fine settled smells being he he having gotten properly . down and new the will
he you other can and once , he handling to more comfy . then surroundings being getting with know he more each start
time he for give just now . but
a live nicest in to ? being Fujairah place
being shift family . in of and to I a couple to years my Fujairah planning
to it being suitable a . just in I know needed to place live if and ways in what so
Fujairah Dubai being heard ? being years next as I would in , it the true also that , better as few
being :) who I being if especially someone lives having to someone or happy would . , there Fujairah helps
! there I lived
it better being must that ... say life living way I developing a and have entire Fujairah I in being in . my
of to lot to 2012 as being doing projects for thought having by Fujairah being a 2012 I going being great . we a years
doing .. in Fujairah things to
mountains or so between between can it camp sea and ! mountains being beach you on
doing diving skies , the . being , for some snorkeling of fishing , ... jet can fun things you
! between a road 45 being and in now they minutes Dubai finishing and Fujairah only
, Dubai peaceful , better and go it as still so but as 45 to can it being . mins no not in Dubai more , you quieter being and
you needs I if else lets please anything know
visited when . Fujairah Dubai in
will like ! , Dubai nothing be never and
but end ! would the not they know you basically like to economics bankrupt doing being want Fujairah up Dubai of so not
a and - unless would before going it job - having ! you firm think twice about needs I they particular skill offer
new gaming any ? console be there
or . PS3 BOX - buy doing X know not I should i Kinect
or PSP N - . or even DS
newer ps3 i - I being afraid X or little then BOX comes when a a buy . version out
PSP ) - N for DS ( same and
Wii next only U being U out being while as as PS4 announced Wii in . ps4 years the however the the should being development well having
being there in works console new to having the . announced not believed Microsoft being it though yet
matter when version will no you . a buy you newer get
discomfort system smooth very user it you compatible hold years very the feel own and you versions gives . a with like , i a very being being mostly joystick comfortable joystick BOX I being not it important - 3 wan .... and previous a that to X i doing the interface coz
XBOX comfyy being soo Joys .....
the . get tv performance just get , all in a same you - better
know Microsoft that situation not doing they said its but doing through see the even playstation xbox I being as not the 360 doing . halfway having about lifetime know I
this of plan kind being Xbox released releasing they of doing so one they kinect for way not another a they making . new since while a on
already being personally said while ( know what if set know Xbox new a best , I anyways . not announced doing but the I a wii though Sony for you about a doing ) have having again should which you playstation and I they get being thought
of cats the lifespan ? a being typical what
a have . my being yesterday seizure cats and ill
having then happened ill like in get fact once a way seems bounces and in . one while to another he nothing in or every he back ;
cats can live different wildly however sources . search I done a , internet to giving how ascertain lifespans long different
years 18 cats being . my old
he have being or being could being looking of some sources on at he lasted the by for around it years conceivable another that being legs 15 i claimed as being he ?
my my - 18 with 13 on breed the . cats from depending experience years
at cats , have life 18 long a years you . having
cared cats years that lived - 11 15 being indoor typically . well for
to often cats tract have you older done issues males urinary having tend , . so very well
years male - past 14 very cats 15 lived seldom .
of living years cats . 25 being more than rare stories
female a . have being and cats and I ever for 35 cats the I have have exceptional oldest 23 have old being years years she
how environment being cats the of . outdoor having years comparison 3 many in on by local , depending expectancy 7 life - a predators
cats a . oldest record in the , according lived age couple the to a for who world cats the to of England , being reportedly 36 sources Devon
know I died . aged sleep in cats 21 a its that
a bonus . being after anything 12
? loosing trust my gaining and 's cockatiel ...
trust I having to 's open when thought but he now I . gained cages being , I I that my cockatiel coming not he
doing ? doing I what
trust happen doing anything ? he losing before
so being birds gain hard it ! easily but being trust with losed , to
afraid simple hand could a to have resorted being you he . of gesture
you cages idea sleep a being . " " better and cages eating in he by room keeping a
, birds and . they flock sleep with eat not predators
open cages you a will read . on and go out or etc you , keep he book he , computer come and to maybe
never he go rush not you lets resort and he pace doing . violence at ever own bird with physical , to he , with
bond not chance builds to this . you have will and , with ruin probably one another you
key . =) being patience the
might loving tame but cuddly a , can , . you , being a never still friendly bird he have bond
but again could he then ! being
being dat . smart bird
when and I I doing , take they to , outside really they they from , knew not being doors and the they going trust dogs my likes , run I they they I outside but to like open like . it I get
doors put that doing the , will must he that in cages likes it and you the not cages know usually . you cages when open birds the bird means
. doing cages doing you likes not not I , trust the still so , bird doing think but not the
horses how breyer a to ? making stable
breyer a bigger horses being ! fan i of hi
needs how making barns and materials and . they on I breyers my though needs to stables ..... directions or
can maybe that . barn stalls 5 bigger the not per so stalls sure it making I so would fit likes being
needs I to and materials where . buy the to know
as you . simple good this can as that not please my for make really dad does not
pictures would helped !
will right i my a if then i note making : i there see that best answer love and
/ horses Breyer , model miniature replica
, view sketch 3d orthographic , , plan side views draw , and perspective front floor , size out estimate view
many width , then for length sections cube out how of want figure you horses square measure and stalls ,
size lines and sections measure sections out height , , platform and , draw for wall measure mark
as , working for would be there that on windows to have roof you and and details , you doors many small going
, small , , paint drills carpenter screws stock hinges hobby , parts shops saws blocks together paper pencil , tape panels , craft , possibly , wood hold glue wood want you shops check corners , bryer , ruler and small , and to horses clamps of pieces wood miniature for
or and can from home you or vary or check pieces by , , shops wood larger press wood board - cork or , plywood or for wood depot 4 can slats balsa hardware 2 pre-cut , ,
http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/horsestable.php
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/craft-supplies/woodworking%20supplies/
..
when plays can stopped get he how kittens my biting to ? i
. 3 having just a turned who I kittens months todays
a just kitty he when really he being better . he hard plays bites ,
I am would 5 in , . morning to the almost wake bite even every trying up my he day arm like
move I it and . x.x playing I he when figures being I guess
that til I you . , read way that he hold it to he panics keeping somewhere together mouth and having
cruel . to that seems I though
?? way any other
you ? he being teething think doing
it getting of out . being hand
he sounded thought . the yeah mouth I that thing holding , wrong
try . not , i doing worries no
. a feathery etc he , balls toys toys , a , post scratching lots , birdy yarn does , mouse , have of
would just to up and the biting he randomly you walk . start
of back . put on off he when i , he bed and thing jumps same my
teething i he think being it but can . being not doing stopped may
that energy can toys to way he that he buy give with a he use playing maybe he up
the morning teething bet , he , also will show you also they tolerate so you he get off toys you bed , being being will bites of , ones you not it that best he best , put lots , that he down probably in working when he feather to
which cages being better ? rats
and a rats few . to needs cages pet hi want rats I get a ,
) better flooring wire these of cover been the i being going ( cages : from apart which which two to
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
can not I height between width . decide or
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
better . being rats for this one
to rather for go you . than higher wider rats want always
. to climb they love
stairs for , flooring feet and no cover to the ratty you broken , caught and making will the get you like . cover saying so wire have fleece
this will 3 cages . rats 2 about - hold
both for length being so . taller equal the go one
it it the being hammocks if you altogether with use to wire replace and best shelves this remove like cages . and the
great make honest one last of cheaply , it these annoying springs and well doors short not does I very being being it cages term being . , pretty and to used for the a that pet not
some imo here options : better being
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
you all these if new than ... bit may better second than imo second a the one able find but being search . hand to for names hand a choice one paying poorly ebay better make in you expensive being you one a more condition
much one the ! first being better
. , this having user bought Ebay from I exact cages the exact
better I calculater maximum 4 5 of , it in for :) rats and it bigger put but really really Rat would the saying being being enough a
heating ? a side corn snake heating being better for under tank or tank
snake heater a can my the for saying 40 it tank the under reading tank i . gallon and it for my being on the for tank bought put being i package or side
worried up prop damaging the be off i can not surface on surface anyway tank i the about it my . being because
carpet being some distribution the that heat the it from my , the over directly of my , top of unless understanding better burrows reptile substrate belly burning the it to heater i rest bottom if and put if glass under its snake , on having but it heated risks buy from
doing snake side along ? it but it it from have not itself , distribute still as propping being the if that also read burn i i if it not worry the can side of does well the slithers up the tank and heat to about
opinons what suggestions ? you being and
on burrowing use . snakes all i uth' of my
being they if . will avoid they move which rock get warm not you at costs it should all like - heat a too
they and . over being own the fine uth natural usually my put i rock perfectly
never 40 and milks with kings system have the . , uth and over corns problems a have having , i
waste the - side a leave on . it on the being bottom
luck ! better
something put being snake itself overt about newspaper it if the ... burning you worried bottom like
seems it use I heat for a now bulb or watt basking mine likes 75 and he to
being better at what ? brunch places eat ? to
my with I / my na Saturday and having fam lunch :) being bday . breakfast wan
thanx etc I the and los oh and places like ^_^ lb angeles lived for look in torrance btw in area
Chicago strongly Club . " " I Breakfast would in the suggest
. reasonable great you definately meal prices can with plan on a
. doing though in hurry been not a
just relax and . enjoy
having toast too . french fabulous they
blocks conveniently just the being off Expressway the Club . Grill Breakfast Kennedy located & two
of always or there parking private lot on being in plenty . street the we
- dine home order rather simply services out would you with we if you take call . in , at
the .. little week the parking please during street plenty lot the . of the on across in weekends parking
. Kennedy take directions off Kennedy the Ogden from the : exit the
and lights right go down Ogden . a onto three take
. Hubbard two take to continue right blocks another and
we Noble the . of corner at Hubbard being and
Breakfast & the Grill Club
Hubbard 1381 W.
IL , Chicago 60622
tel 312-666-2372
we email
operation of : hours
Friday Monday thru
- am 8:00 pm 6:30
& Saturday Sunday
pm am 5:00 - 7:00
hour happy
thru Monday Friday
4:00 pm pm - 6:00
4 appetizers $
wine 4 $
& $ Heineken Coronas 3
might in unless the shower want again on for L.A. the plan this you section you late . to being bridal post
the question about Titanic of sinking ? the
ships make to enough sinking so the there of everybody in carry a , law lifeboats ? ship would 1912 saving if Titanic sinking the a after on that it being was
being this act if involved in / ? yes Canada , law
movie sorry . watching after , being very just I nervous the
maritime being came at which response a international Titanic ( , . the SOLAS Safety , about of to treaty ) in the tragedy Life Sea of
ships the , of all of . affecting country law primary registration it regardless safety virtually , being todays
a being drills to SOLAS sailing will going hours of ) a cruises within . lifeboat you on attend drills ( , muster required 24 if you ship ever
dock most before perform . this the ships even drills leaving
practices , covers safety , . and protection including safety so on SOLAS navigation aspect , at fire , practices and minimum about of equipment , just , lifeboats every , sea standards
, suppose , the being on out being any adoption to came the it I due SOLAS tragedy . ship and board probably of SOLAS better of much we safer Titanic todays if
http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
--------------------------------------------------
to lifeboat the port practice water to they as : see in they , most being also when and ships I ) not not also all of lifeboats weekly actually if launch you part drills earlier being ( into forgot , . cruises drills uncommon the mention to it edit
but launching not operational they , if will the proficient . the working only crew at being ensures needed this and lifeboats makes
I so not think doing
doing . worry not
a time heard you when lasted ? ship about the sinking being
? 100 ago years
being ? doing some I fun in things what while could Japan
in a I some I so what fun will about being could I being Okinawa week ? for wondering being doing things
anything old I 20 myself could a being years travelling female . so by being it
. already which tourist the obvious I for planned have spots besides
night life being Naha the how in ?
venues any be all ? at or better bands a showcase , there venues underground that just
have being to . being types not could underground music of it does it any
thanks
thing being Okinawa the doing best beach a in to to you . can go
like in can you doing parts eating otherwise . , shopping doing other , you or can , etc what , Japan
shrines in temples can you . visit or or Okinawa
can you first well try speaking Japanese .
tournament . sumo to go a
a at belt . - restaurants eat sushi conveyor
climb . Mount Fuji
Japan of the there being , course similarities quite be different of Okinawa rest . although from
being the peoples to beach main . there the go does thing
great Naha there in the which being . , being market
sashimi can find , / sorts lunch fresh and of food a all you get upstairs . sushi really fresh delicious
can sake try . if too local the you
a . it being special kind
nightlife there not I being in much sure Naha . being that
more , . the sea a to the of go weather to enjoy , etc place it being
nightlife own izakaya pub making ) you ( finding to have by you . a might somewhere
you to get on Planet of be Okinawa the a probably would Japan Lonely best copy bet book chapter and . read the
city not Naha a bigger being . very
Vietnam m version 16 vs 16 ? m modern
shot - m . being in a a having games playing that video 3 Vietnam it 16 burst and being model I games the ,
my semiautomatic only have Vietnam brother and auto . - during they full saying
questions .. be my
between ? m16 ) 16 what difference being a and modern the m Vietnam 1
shot m a have ) 3 - 2 burst ? function doing Vietnam 16'
- in the of use early ( 14 meant for with McNamara being to ) sea to the the dirtier 16 60 ammunition ordered m Robert - money new m types saving older use sending that for the a gunpowder .
thought the that from also chrome he get helped that I jamming the . not ( ) a ordered gun coating keeping receiver
the troops cleaning being , than it told being weapon being . issued - which being the it self not
. jamming as been weapon problems with there the a result a
used the being a with once dirtier weapon it the the Vietnam better properly for the ) ( troops being 16 the purpose being powder to - turned even m started weapon cleaning for . era out
bean screw up - of McNamara having kind soldiers being the a the of of charge nothing being and ) the ( - bean counter things if - you not instead having happen in military you . when counters
of much reliable being todays , problems more have weapons 's and doing that not . kind
alright 1 modern being . ) 16 m
and never to working 16 m used clog Vietnam . up
or . semi automatic 16' either all ) 2 m being automatic
3 no uses burst . one
;p play much too cod you
being 16 m best modern
to on January going . New in planning Zealand
the ok it ? holiday to in being earthquakes Christchurch since
being up hotels ? the back running and
there still ? aftershocks be
and North South . on planning Island to going
since go Rotarua the ? being to it , earthquakes safe to
Rotorua fine being .
assuming being earthquake being , do so deep , reference , being effected the nothing :) January not worry it I in to very this being
the aftershocks but fairly , doing being the any as for yes , small still being these doing they Christchurch damage but feel not can - happening . , you
being since , still to it peoples . visit then being living lots there of fine must
CBD of and stuff being being being lot rubble public a of it the to having the not still and cleared yet however . closed away as
area would if being being , not then in in can towns . find sure some the hotels that running by that be there I you but close christchurch some
earthquakes can aftershocks despite the first get recommend then see things I you experience would the for Christchurch effected going to by hand , . how and just
have Zealand !! in New fun
and ? it off eis Wellington being gelatos ( kaffee ps. I creams assuming stopped and being summer , recommend may you will , since ice in I
there nicest just , down they very I discovered being www.kaffeeeis.co.nz lasted time ) recently being they
geographical never of hazards will without of . get loads places you anywhere being if , constantly paranoid sense adventure , you having a
and earthquake fall under go debris stay a sturdy case possible as doing not in a outside of . , will table
. it being ok yes
yes yes and . , yes
rotorua wrong with nothing
help ?!
size what doing i need ? horses
will i around size i being being grow that ' wondering quickly of 5 4 , - out I need 5 2 not horses ? will years 11 i old what ' and
thanks
louise
in being etc doing , you would . say disciplines plan really riding you on interested ability it on , or I doing what , depends
but would base of I for 15 . go hhes the numbers
a but horses being it for on being the a tall being small it " than " end it , . bing pony bigger
5 5 . I 5 , got but growing about stopped horses 16.2 when already I being horses ' I 16.3 being I or I being " and ' ' hit when 11 my my 12 hhes 10 9 TB thankfully , -
something " a a you . not hit growth case just afraid in bigger spurt doing to than little so " get perfect been
. a always taller horses a can not handle you does not meant horses
mind . in that keep
to jump you the you ground if want needs , being even mind to keep up to able from in , etc . whether also
handle , being size to itself sure just being enough it that so you you saddle and horses . can sufficiently whatever calm groom the it and being want can you
block hop ' size perfect " in i been haha I and ..... right my not horses Nov can she and 21 will being on with being - yet saddle for 5 3 , can i though bareback mounting i well 14.2 with hhes being being no only and a 4 not
want you out not grow get it doing quickly 2 of ' a if to 14 ..
to being too out and smaller anything manage when will grow , especially control riding will you bigger . anything bigger and , difficult
:) hope helped I
? Iguazu the where being world in
Falls Iguazu
. of to border in the and the the being a waterfalls one the in Argentina , the see attraction Falls on being spectacular Brazil must world area Iguazu considered widely , most of certainly
's Diablo where of ' Throat being , huge ( spray of of constant the the water . into mist the falls air as the ) centre Del volume known Devil locally ' a Garganta the sends
with , . spray down , foreground photograph rainbow creating in this being Iguazu perfect trademark Falls the the to that shinning on a the get sun place the
Iguazu the as for . cascades be there total of save 270 however out falls of rest 2 the over the River , in of some you around miles spread that shots , nearly
the accessible restrictions . the being budget you Falls bus dependent to , either easily , by you plane and time Iguazu and on get area or can
which , do Iguaçu Brazil , Foz Puerto being Iguazu equally towns Argentina , the 12 nearest about . site in the being to the from and miles close falls in
that from de Buenos Aires cities being Paulo regularly both airports served as having Janeiro towns larger Rio Sao such . and the ,
the travelling bus cheaper full Aires , being trip although and with Buenos obviously being 20 from hours seats , reclining being very spacious a option . the up comfortable the buses the
affair hours Sao the down a being bus 18 from taking around Paulo similar . trip
up Foz parks cater accommodation both all the , so and . for to however budgets side the waterfalls visitors the national a range town of to geared on , brazilian for larger being being and offer
for be the parts falls views closer some larger of there the with complexes , . those a hotels for larger the budget action to scenery much appetite and with a of
while England or Paris aboard ? studying
I going ? where doing can to but the think been can idk study I decide and would best where to try go not I go aboard you place being
would ? you go where
London - definitely
you will the fun have . and more language speak
the tend french the on . to Americans treat look they bad and down
to a deliteful get to easy and being visit London city around .
have will better . able being time you there to a
%
being more London the you as . you fun from much will have in States
French . lack french of Parisians they Americans and speaking dislike for manners proper
down food " this meal ) not you a ordered wine washing with restaurants water " and leaving because my ( . " ordering apparently I being told I to were
better have to . time you in will to Paris intermediate a have French need
, outside however . being wonderful Paris everybody
not the then doing even . Parisians likes Parisians likes Parisians nobody ,
wonderful the Mediterranean France on South , . being right
friendly peoples and being being the . beautiful extremely it
my I of far favorite world have one being used to being ( to in . and months I it in in 45 5 being the by places London for years countries 6 to live )
and the mostly being . everything friendly magical place about being the peoples
allowed you , Scotland want then Edinburgh , , to small - if being however option town and a another you headed feel .
. there 8 I for lived months
better you being French . moderate doubt head / a , if Paris then to without
. with french I family highly staying recommend a also
upbringing being , I at done amazing most Champagne it . of France this 13 in my experice age and the
the come to ? does have first to to bta being payed canada
. no BTA as such a being thing there
romance a online scammers by that being invented term
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
the ( paying Basic second highest , to ) " the Allowance Travel scammers income . s only BTA money flight being
will I they Assistance to the other Travel Traveller Fee , having let fly known Assurance . wodges forms Allowance Personal " cash have or s numerous Traveller s Fund Fund Allowance I as also Traveller , you and " of s not , of
lets . get over this with us now
more any , no " , a such . it scam being dating thing there anywhere being online
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231
such " there BASIC being no ALLOWANCE thing as !! TRAVEL
thing there no please being . such : remember
no country such any being the there . of world , requirement in
of a " . this the being scammers invention
will BTA asking CIC being there call as for this being and scammers http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp no Canada a a single confirm a thing to to anyone such
sending home ever you enough name you information money , that address pray birthdate not not being just for that have conned given identity you - this or criminal into to , full etc being stolen , . you
to point money visit the you you identity this and to gain - whole scam being of being this steal to enough you coming person trust not
to http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html Anti-Fraud report contact this Centre the
no .
exists in the scammers BTA . only of mind
scam . % 100
tighten you contact and of up cut PC . all security
or there claiming to as , BTA Travel as being this - person all cut saying any . this they the being with not no % be off - what poster scam Basic they a - first or contact and " Allowance who being such 100 thing " be a
government , the this being below it ..... verifies from same for site US the too the - Canada
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html
making how dempsey jack ? my i reproduce can
making can layed a lot anyone they as they mature to how eggs a out being male far having but i as I knew female and i mate never helped figure together
" . being issue to mate making being " the he they trying you ,
trying get peoples . being this making 2 like to married
. not does it working
pair first compatible you . a needs
there like . there being 2 least you each hope tolerate , so other sounds at
, being . enough , bigger then to mature enough old the needs to that , is breed and
size this / " those - , 5 being full around 2 probably . they 1 may guys of 4 for adult
then the . environment
feeding , perfect larger water really tank annoying tankmates no better and , . conditons
what vs to needs live . , they being difference the being what ideal they for
they and . get that ready , right when mate will being they
can they , not mate . only you encourage making they you can
Ian
easy cichlid breed . a dempseys not to jack being
breeding . most than more the one of in the time other being interested
5 . for alone a days and not that very in one ins take put 3 bredders interested - tank the it breeeding
least but tank space have 1 enough they , two for for . bigger to cave few , the fit one or fish a at of hide bigger fish should in enough a
being p 7 - . 6.5 should h the
now the days breeding 5 the earthworms feed as . as in / one 3 , tank - eat bloodworms it blackworms for or and much can
mate . the then add other
one not can they ther fight gets so right attacked in fit it away smaller they may hide respond if may one spaces and of .
ready , to . being the it spawn when male behavior s stops aggressive
inside the the . eggs make lay they for they you cave two
the to 82 turn temp water degrees up
please cats help bladder my with s issue ?
I having / old female years 1 calico 2 1 a .
vet she horn when she having could spayed have uterine on only he this being she meant . and saying because the having time only hard one a kidney
being lot . having recently she a peeing
being . litter all the I some talking then box soaking and
around it gets she somehow the box peeing also . and underneath being
getting being she not a it to to being right money have take to a the now . doing I but vet issue
scrub a to now times 3 week floor - the I having . 2
home I first could the issue being try and what some remedies can ?
know she I helped to I take when being please help I to she vet to doing will but :( love . able she not want to and
, all to with of sorry this :( you cats . having being been very I issue you heard first
urination of things frequent being a . sign several
with , common frequent urinary these visits amounts urine infections or being but . small two , usually being tract of passed being bladder ones
a seems then or . to , being being the being there if indicator that urine in the blood also pain in better , cats
being cats . this passing of being , you a lot but bad and urine
one to can renal untreated kidney failure worst chance I case would which lead being you the would think the . possible , kidney have disease may cats scenario , only given
will and . this if signs she she case to being true can a definitely vet need see of , this hard in being spot to
, breath . vomiting and , bad listlessness
kidney will out being normally the seizures toxins that the when into occur . the released stream blood filters
you worried . very she the knew being being doing to I getting she but for best the can vet you , thing
in she . available plenty sure she meantime water have to the make of
apply want to for . program canada immigeration I skilled
requirement .? being got only points I while 67 minimunm 63
points 63 apply i can ? with
Immigration must Citizenship according Canada you : processing you http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp being the requirements and to " the states , eligible . minimum application at meet web to for site for " note it
being the 67 . " that mark that ... however current pass page web same states also
pass changed could . the mark
" basis information for regular a should check updated you . on
the Skilled at being first my category Worker permanent . attempt residency
my I minimum , between the score the once began time I time doing changed applied and . and the research
above my both unfortunately . score being minimums ,
category under become another lucky permanent I qualified I resident a got but . to because
a keep checking . weekly least basis at so on
at Lawyers web found by Canadian I http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html . ran Immigration better page a news ...
being posted they there here what
? under even " less category I " may if the . than 67 4 points qualify Worker score I Skilled
or less even not you may accurately Visa if you the Canadian in believes referred as Officer point ( become than approve Immigration he reflect established substituted to " economically and , discretion Officer though the that she ) . evaluation Immigration the Visa total does score you positive Canadian points use 67 " application ability to Canada
the answer full . for web read page that conditions at
. can apply sure you
system best the out guide to . points acts sort as a candidates the
" as of application , they a the on points still not being numbers of cast all steel as evaluated you . criteria in "
you send go ahead application , . in
to . BEN note
the the circular minimum 67 anything that , filed . file in " below score basket being being "
have going being if to " being it minimum why " ignored a ?
Jim B
. Toronto
and I what being ! know not mad doing to doing
!? help please
so excited got I !!!!
!!!! but being it still January in it saying
I stopped dates just at the kind looking sited . kind of of just I smiling there and then thought
mad I btw ) and now lived Pennsylvania we upset in ! ( being
want seriously 2 days I wrong I not doing . I but to mean get -_- , for go
flight Florida staying to in days taking we being island down . a hour 3 only a fancy 2 and
trying sigh I up **** **** to mean ! sound but snooty or not really stuck
someone this !!!! making I trip about better can feel please
you least being .! going at
then at it those 2 all going not .! days better enjoy
places you can go it go so to you to . cause , to will lot afford happy will money 2 having going of fun beautiful a been the days i :d busy and being
well about , . you not have it mean mad to being doing , I
you Florida to in get at . least go JANUARY to
realize two , you having . family only days you makes you having and with what
. gold nothing honey " " can , stay
enjoys again it can of family , enjoy longer period go and you a it can time you if then you for . while
likes they doing it , ? being two it not , will remember only if days
a fun ! of crapload you having hope
better in ) a way ( ...
being Renaissance high italian ? what
may , this helped a have it . looked at
began between about opening achievement cultural medieval modern in the end spanned the , period 13th of marking century a phase the Renaissance period transition great Europe and change 1 and early Renaissance Italian from 1600 the to of the that , ) Europe of the the .
such 19th century a in renaissance currency came being term the . work essence Jacob historians of into Burckhardt as that modern the in , the in one
Renaissance part medieval end the being the until a movement to the the endeavor swing the culture largely origins full and of intellectual 14th into italian traced society culture century , of doing being many of the of aspects literate earlier and can patronage century ; largely although not remained of confined the that come to .
) the best the " renewed Rinascimento renaissance being after known Renaissance interest era for humanists antiquity ( and period , the the classical Italian Ages word culture labelled Dark " the in means of that . in rebirth the
concentrated of vast the little in being while changes from the these majority the significant Ages , for , population the and changes being , Middle . life elite
visual the of history expression the in Renaissance italian Renaissance the , used art arts the a in ) . denote high periodizing convention to being 2 , apogee
in the of Lorenzo in of de' the by in Supper high of with Milan sacking troops Charles and death to , and Medici fresco V traditionally s , Rome the Renaissance Leonardo the to taken with . the Florence period 1527 the begin have ended in of Last being 1490
high in German early described in the having style painting sculpture nineteenth used this the Joachim its by century first Winckelmann and hochrenaissance . being term ) ( of in origins " , Johann " and
, only by the of iconic ignoring artistic lasted the historians on historical term few works for academic [ , years twenty context criticized having , developments use ] focusing over over-simplifying . and art a 1 being frequently
] [ 2
helps it hope !
UK ? I , going for I to expect americans time the first being what should and the I been
you at the ? you airport visa get doing s immediately visitors
americans told a automatically visa months six visitors get were s that I .
go ? away doing a have medical you to exam through right
drug ? test
test ? blood
passport doing the and through or walk i they gates ? just show
that it a i thing a medical exam routine peoples invasion and being country a talked says being another of entering to privacy have when . some that other says
what to for minute get really the calling having money which or by from prepare in expect to costs of the professional idea not . embassies either and I doing I no advice honestly the - have for
cause I talked really being no to idea worried who I smoothly having . and to go want everything to
should passport into the , right a get country a there americans you being visa six . months , need no for for
. exam no medical blood there like others that test being or or
. you embassies professional doing to get advice to call not need the
http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html
. the the being you the info will website giving which of link above , State passport including you , information travel needs that Department to all
. free being it
U.K I a the two than never I stayed visited more when time at . weeks
six unless staying passport you , with being longer you . than just should months being a fine
should . with before leave double embassy though check the you necessary you
well been how . planned I not trip you sure this
no you great . , so there will time have a worries
, kindness with London well , and and I s I . far Andrew visited great , and Edinburgh were so St. treated very
treated as just fine you want and , everyone would will you else being . to treat being
tactic . I never that failed
get ? a cross you you would a if and silkie what male sussex female
the would silkie sussex i what the would and have pekin sussex female a female and 2 ? silkies females male bought a making i
mine have thanks see they pics you i any they ? hens of would to if to to you compare likes
* crossed . sussex * a a mutt silkie would with chickens crossbreeded making
sussex offspring be lot genetics so silkie . a would there vary play in a the between and at appearance of ,
you say what colors likely being not silkie being I so . colors what doing with be say to chicks not can you you would dealing or sussex
have what say can features , / they . would I could however
types . feather
. feathers hookless silkies having
. feathers having soft sussexs
as . cross being feathers will this a have , feathers offspring recessive all genes from soft hookless
Color being : , dominate skin having black . colors which silkies skin
could . which recessive or being skin sussex having white dominate
white the way genes either dilute black genes dom. . and rec.
will silkies being the then darker but lighter . skin
being : , beards a beards a having muffs muffs . incomplete if have as / well genes dominate could these silkie as beards the you / offspring
as feet shanks chicks could incomplete have feathered / . / shanks feathered being this also dominate feet -
genes crest another chicks to a small this develop being : . due dominate crest could also incomplete
two walnut which : but types recessive actually types single ) comb comb being and comb silkies pea , having rose ( also . genetically being there being
, so could combbed bird to . a single Sussex , , walnut a rose get pea you crossed or
five . toes toes five : having silkies
sussex four having toes .
, being both have . even toes fifth together five develop to on chicks one dominate could ) ( a crossed foot incompletely toes or
birds silkie very great being crosses neat looking . , and
the see and they , being as being , silkies can bigger . smarter hens better make mothers excellent
, best wishes
/ Jamie RhodeRunner
took with I some girlfriend my of model Nikon . d7000 my photos
of ? photos what you these doing think
with model took photos d7000 some see I ( http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg of my Nikon http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg girlfriend my ) above . http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg links
photos of think you these doing ? what
turned lighting ok opinion the my best in the out pics not , . being the but
not not i answer likes answer answers deleting ... refer the my you : doing will previous to better a question get where you
properly the , , camera working white needs angle , balance on you about learn to using ... and composition
) being - most modeling very she new to poses edit and look [ of she because unsure she , does
this he posted , times todays so having many lol already .
being gf off she pic peoples that knew clearly and net it he the being took he mad not he
many . , my bad not elements distracting taste too for but
for : example
shot being photo on the , clashes the the everything the with in pillow . else on couch resting she in
and looks handle like . like some background fixture the distracting the left there be a on doors light what also elements
like a rug a of looks front , standing some the of in in photo the ) and right box power cord in from there being the corner . corner a kind what creeping ( lower
curtain crumpled as being bottom pretty back well the , the power . the from in the outlet the of shot noticeable as
not a looks trying because , she cutting great being this I calf one , I crop . at would my compositionally think doing the not different favorite off suggest
, the doing I shadow though likes .
in chair close needs on a . , does if possible , attention to elements the of suggestion doing stand what ground the on and my to get being to on get distracting to going being rid paying you whatever background ,
helpful blurring elements also out . background unwanted in using fairly being aperture wide a
first background have a not I . because in doing have something at notice ruined great myself been I there few the shots
? in what customs some being unique ireland
being being I " wake we far aware " would as country custom most unique ask . the
. I all like when travels anything met never explain seeing I foreigners have a odd in and with they looked often my to it been
home dies " days . person remains for they 2 being , they roughly in " 3 woken a after -
come bun or they desisted paying and a they this , family house couple of of a and in with to to the . will the respects time sandwich cups tea a visitors having
family the night with the remains wake also and through sit were the included up sit . friends the night
and south boarder both . Protestants north the Catholics and being of alike wakes with common
only countryside the but in really .
being the I that the noticed one notable . funeral started the night have before the night being the difference in of of Ireland tradition often this after the the , civil in south only war chapel held wake
and the another a one Pioneers ) unique dying ( . at that being custom
century by ( the a alcoholism the Pioneers to being supported abstaining alcohol attempt from temperance started of , in the which . organization with at gripped 19th massive end ) issue of and that of a Ireland the being pushed ideal the deal
members 25th popularity take the to Park , Croke even of total . and anniversary pledge estimated hight two at the million remain have Pioneers a a filling organization tee - the on
Orange being being July some to by the being irish every would Marches criteria unarguable to a one of . the ticks but considered not Order 12th argued and custom
being marches the the the . by largest 12th Ireland in July in being of but really Ulster of attended protestants only attended on the the spite paradeds in
barn brack the . and ring
in and - irish for we we brack Halloween family customs cannon for be easter make sinnel , col barn ; cake having . we the
christmas day christmas cake for .
does doing like tv images a animals ? humans see screen on
humans on a see like images does screen tv animals doing ?
cats with of I react not because commercial being food , unsure cats a cats and of doing to she once tv I watched seeing this my on another .
complete humans http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html food high that heard , . a ( : at can squeaky pitched dogs a making that sounds I company chew - sounds dogs heard not ) being here trying with aimed commercial a and , being to link toys
images my will : but as dogs see I excited like the question can being ad dogs as ? in humans advert the get featured actually , this understand far ,
, images humans like also ? we tv can , animals remember on
you room the so get also dogs does then you you being ? parrot cats meant / scary scared / same in will as a that and movie watched if that they , if
doing know this scary not . would with I my particularly tried and -- not likes pet have I not , I movies
? although not will think sometime long movies been I or that for doing wrong affect -- been ; they time I I a pets will , sure scary forget
about ? what t.v. so
t.v. dogs doing ? enjoy watching
streamed being a . flickering t.v. , that moving well pictures of making together to a being series pictures
about the rate which see for flawless 60 . broadcast fast being being as move to , pictures they moving we a , hz at needs to they a how pictures of
to because rate 80 and like a watching old dogs at they to to of silent occur watching a t.v. scratchy flicker being lot film fusion a . hz , seems 70
. , if because sounds of probably dogs likes you to the chances that be it watch being so t.v.
that a 's secondary , dogs sense entery I discuss hearing will . being and in another blog
yes does . they
things i that my pretty being things screen see because around cats the they the tv screen sure chases tv on doing
looking horses should how I ? for transportation at much being
being one I horses 3 needs show season the hours the transported 2012 lived location to about throughout shows where and away from . I ,
being not to not I and take far ways to I doing . hauling want have boarding this I where of any myself he being the place , likely
shows I ) ( these so want transport hire . someone to peoples multiple or I to to
if much being paying better willing range asked a how ? they what to being , price I
charged 0.70 saw mile per . a $ I site that
? being that reasonable
but the time the a that . the would say more transport unless to effort , and that drivers on , for to costs paying or working top would , to have for particular and consumption , 's you you they able and using share down I being vehicle with being that fuel of another proportion guess out some keeping impossible
get you what remember pay you for that .
doing hours not three but you multiple shows , being being far .
some they the you not take peoples safest trailers horses in being willing to , world but really having . being old the that
making on instead rusted hard if , , teared not slant you corners load of dangerous stalls , horses load unhealthy all in can the air downright straight , . travelling ,
trailer CA have stock I to , transported open this bigger came and on he WA horses from . my
being dehydrated got and he . there losed weight he when
with horses having ride , then since professional trailers now to few he for my a suspension I hours every eye hauling horses on they super , all , with peoples stop water services smooth keeping . and a use who
then to since healthy and when they . all horses delivered have being I I have arrive happy
would quote a get and Transport Bob Hubbard call . I
fair might want of , not cost being even use will what what they it some and . though idea you it to you may giving
below . link see
something sure use . about first / the being make trailer and aid services bonded knows you insured
this doing have anywhere they ?
the world a around cruises . I to want take
I mean the world around literally if . possible
estimate it going first . would i regular how alone just on of cabin a much if a guess you would being
any places ? second customize go way of na the being wan you to sort to there
you like can the pick destinations ?
hope but but like somewhere one if i there there out not no just being . say
. . that including world cruises here lists prices site a being 1
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1
, , usually , " being " face and a will some two you cabin in listed peoples high based on addition however . supplement in single prices costs likely
alone more charge , peoples cabin lines more a you to will two spend onboard so cruises sail in . (
able may via doing CruiseCompete better to ) the competitive . rates on quotes request if you you being
doing itinerary of way and customize crew could chartering you , . own own I not short you ship see 2 . you any
luck ! better
from . in the days most lines cruises major duration world typically cruises of , various 100
of cabins would have as on you sold travelling the on paying being you double double occupancy basis to own .
possibility no . of ports call to customise
months etc London India , segments , to Suez transatlantic ) England , way lines Egypt 18 i.e Egypt ) England ) advance sell ( Barcelona as Alexandria via to Spain cruises about the along in prearranged to all Barcelona the to canal ( . (
lines upscale offered around mainly , yes the multiple there cruises . the be world by more
in you . paying : even the if cabin you as , be just being will however if 2 it peoples there
find least , you k $ . any price figure 40 at it , double so
stops corssing to you unless to Europe several flying on again different Panamal England of Asia book Canal can and you . before between a and shore crossing fly with pick then sail to no .. in hit not the India then book sail up fly customize and say itinerary cruises the it to Med a transatlantic to legs to , a
mostly caucasians Francisco being ? the Bay the Area in back San 1970 early
no .
largest having being being during -- a . a were the there here the larger in of SF of having WWII Chinatown there displaced Bay japanese Area presence outside long asian , who lots been the chinese for China population time of
larger of Western a Addition Haight the and being black the portion whole .
. americans the being basically latin - Mission
philipinos cultures to and over , . the the as they added asians came southeast
being , being hippies seemed being then most caucasians that populous many being Area the being took a that tourists pictures may fairly have -- photographers of ethnically Bay so time and who being the to so caucasians . caucasians because mixed larger the back but a of long for having
they or ethicities the largely rather represented 70' well the just in open generation . -- colors other in - not the hippy minded to politics being breaking due the being barrier more , yet
expanding predominantly . as caucasians outer white areas County Marin east being of many suburbs out started and the bay
discrimination a laws so it have rights not to started after impact . been civil long against
politicians . , saw drivers you police asian , black MUNI until latino then never
it evolution a . being
. counted many in until the not population the being illegals mid-80
have chinese bigger mid not the 90 until migration doing . of we percent
. peoples fewer then running mexican border the across we have
immigrants that . at counted social not have fewer time peoples for we being many benefits so
mom some have neighborhoods only , presence for Caucasians power in owned . any and or corporate pop except businesses political stores
being Francisco in by San mainly century . immigrants settled and workers european manual laborers the some for except being 19th 20th who asian
there a always been by influence mexican owned since . americans Calif having being - cultural Mexico
they not elected the 70 we in population Brown being until now having have than power any a we doing but black have Willie larger .
. to peoples San of and and tolerant all kinds Francisco progressive being always historically welcoming
the 70 Francisco being San outside Francisco counties than more San . white in the
not edit who : . may the get might so time someone better you more else a being accurate memory answer remembers from my
chickens rabbits can live together and ?
pet outside thinking that as my . saying getting a been I parents rabbits to stay but , about having a it
/ . behind two thing a kept also garage own out barn that being run in chickens we
I chickens the that turn there the would with I the hutch in run coop in the at in already a night being into keeping rabbits the keeping . back , rabbits little there the being chickens were keeping hutch the a and and house thinking but about little rabbits dogs
, with ? around chickens the would along in day to for hop okay time it the however the being rabbits
but , day of the to fine fruits not the chickens just able veggies a and being nothing it that digest would scraps rabbits being we feed . throughout
water places long and ? as they rabbits as live , having together for can separate and so food they chickens
opening only the being bigger rabbits to the ) a being ? would get bites would not chickens rabbits okay , feed ( the , enough food also chickens have the the few if for hutch to rabbits sneaks occasionally able of a it rabbits
... done a rabbits my and few that , lasted times he being fine
thank :) ! making wan I just sure na
) moving with pets all anything may of being that hens all of roosters hens , almost mean yes kinds aware or sure friendly , attack roosters I but ( you not ! , been , that chickens see rabbits been they being so
feed to sure rabbits you items non-veg been not !
in they put you different in problems because being being and so doing bedding saying wet , not , in they they than both cages cages different free of one can lived cause ! bedding they day of hens in that rabbits , no diseases
not doing they , put . both of in cages so one
luck better !
a that rabbits the pen guess or there escape could could yea easily another being a and in rabbits but i opposite gender rabbits . get
. very and being so could chickens for safe to rabbits and feeds some toxic careful been
rabbits . if chickens doing doing burrow also so been into not holes being falling surprised
can delicate for rabbits so . out that and diseases watch get being
? melting brass doing not working
trying some . making little to I melt to bras friends figures my and being
in of a clay , the pipe hole hot pipe the scrap bottom and piece the a as put . in , doing melt air the not through middle got , bottom red furnace steel surounded flower a a everything with the charcoal hole have the the it it a of we pot with off took with brass pumped with on in we make pot filled but such , cap light pipe
doing wrong what I been
like with more more reasonable . zinc simple I a point , or tin having , pewter would they much all recommend something melting aluminum , start to
both I echo . answers just other will
pressurized air gas . oxygen and and being molten hot it forced or damn being brass usually
handling . and even foresaw you pouring melt , of I doing it the issues doubt it you it if
and beginners a both advanced too really for tooling safety being it in , .
not get zinc just precautions doing if you you fumes take . the will ,
top on it and pewter being being a stove perfect you doing , melts what for .
something tin more or , would simple having more start a much like point pewter to reasonable all they zinc recommend , , melting I aluminum . with
melting and brass . I bronze you think than does would enough just a higher point charcoal hot get not even having
e.g. it used coal ) barbecue also charcoal take being as which blacksmithing ( for barbecue real get coal . doing not , hot for I needs one does as not as you charcoal bet
casting fair never builds small I get I does amount my tried enough but too hot . a not just furnace and have thought to but being done version , own of , metal you
plumbers it you a cylinders melted propane those gas buy for torch bronze crucible a of torch larger . grill in much a the can with propane ) small have larger I than being of ( run can amounts but ,
http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm cast and it brass I melt
melts 2000 F . under a not , brass yellow just at heat being hot which red bright
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#selctemp
lot of . but quite air might charcoal you of bit working of and take , setup version a a forced able it you being making would to a
built with propane a blower and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm and use I burner http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm a I
UK provide should or ? food all and cafes towns halal they restaurants
lasted visited on Devon holiday Dartmouth of summer in whilst some friends . mine
they any find . food cafes not could prepared foods halal that or shops provided
halal religion food only consume important that to it they . they being
knife in happens sliced using , may for what you can a a preparing s the used a bakers the in buy not you cake ham . for if even have being example kitchen being cake too
and its just utensils it , should the to being used eat not . halal and but pork for only foods avoiding prohibited prepared , being of allowed not case alcohol simply a have being meat kitchen
Dartmouth towns places all provide and supposed foods to for being peoples being tourist like . of religions should
on a buying town all holiday a attraction while . enjoy we when or visiting snack
everyone to . not lunch bring wanting packed
place . they having no food because without if some being peoples for food go not to fair provide it will suitable buying
thought catering british one being fair provide should being least hopefully and that I halal every one will town day cafe . restaurants at nowadays only every establishment halal or it
Bosnia I . the all , halal to meat being when going
, meat will for halal , of I a , options there guess other were foods . meat dish so plenty not what I opted not being which eat
and go slaughter animal demand prefer way I it could meat sell to country they I as eat and they . to the a not
when lived doing much guess going benefits life to the system way but they to , knew , too . it throw they you and ) being out , we ( by of get you likes country laws not huh I how you back you to country , another if away
. no
meat forbid and to cruelty , prevent kosher halal . many animal countries
, law same the passing being one . and being Netherlands the Switzerland
become it will in couple a . years law of EU
open business can to what where not we wanting dictate .
only opening opportunity someone a places there . being business halal they start will if then thinks
? I a python parents to get my to let how convince ball
ball know . doing anything they about pythons not
asked a saying when she she mom my never will I snake let she house in .
and one with experience no having never . having held she snakes
is well the I and all way being keeping one research I to my prepared 14 by done ,
they . on some dude knowledge lay
reconsider have will maybe if they the and devoted researching time much see you effort they to how animal .
dollars keeping much 8 like costs even ( month fed they tell if to it . that a ) it
being you to . that if the not house you show around can to helpful yourself for for even that willing it paying it been working
can bit buttered snake they once and the to harmless a one to . have showing pet to get handle the try mom you store how you gentle the they they being of employees ask and up
hold try to you maybe it a bit . mom to get even
falled out snakes corn to my wives it when . I baby , being one she she snakes with we terrified in introduced and of first met love my
nowhere they been will persistent that not pester you but . cause it , fast get doing about
! luck better
parents a you advice get you my let general to convince reptile :
. responsible 1 been .
so keep take , without you do you any pets chores all existing care and , room of nagged , on . being clean
you to . care ' parents one taking being they , will you , that the actually satisfaction pet , you new , of prove not
research that . and so up . , pet for new 2 being you , ready you save
they . . 3 bargain with
offer extra that chores grades for ask for as better . like , pet reward a to , something you doing
card 4 . . sympathy the play
of you a being home able they to rid moving find friend parents that it giving talked " a at new where whatever might they a , a to not into you you better because being able to buying being you might . talked can pet , " shelter a needs pet into or if get or
the angle with pet she talk . into on you store fear -- the coming to
if ball hold can once ask you a there you . , being python
touch holding , to it pet get to being try ... once she / it you
's can what doing bigger ? too snake , meal I my being
todays Harry ball . named ) just I medium python Potter a bought rats after my Salazar for beloved (
she I easily a snake lasted handled . rats being got a girls my and time medium it
I ! that a , boy and realized being but got huge he todays
affectionate really - doing cause cold being I snake my blooded creature love actually . she a
so question I how true rats the can comes out ? to this , my knock
and by he still he will the a can into threw the I flush blood doing he run he I away so conscious wall tail , if ? skull against hang
and and need not answers answers doing !! I insulting , really advice
>:( !! like seriously
shall best receive points answer :)
will , snake gas " can so your if pre-killed it " take you . ok
tupperware and put feed and then just in rats until and sealed dies wait . with it container passes airholes the it a no out
hard feed a a could it whack then surface live usually , wall the you will the and like it you pre-killed if and or by rats not . tail refrigerator hold take against
properly cruel but I end not - stopped you to not he pretty . injury likes stunning being possible will you doing not enough the rats it thought though up hurting and snake i'd option I to really that done
- easiest doing idea tupperwear humane tbh would . I most and the
bit them the for it - slightly also being just rats have . 1 point out passes beat about alive , could at a until and of and still wait you heart it feed this still minute a could
and grip rats on in get also prongs prey he a maybe feeding better can so try snake . you the and hold holding
luck ! better
judgement - for you much safer to thawed long no you run getting my - freezed prove just being for on / will easier snake opinion the and in snake . you here
. - take it my being :-) it opinion for what worth
to to Toronto move looking ?
. I on looking downtown neighborhoods been something I for area and 20 been suggestions close male Toronto gay a the black to
South huge from culture this Im so moving will being already . shock Carolina a
any suggestions ?
. being gay just and in Toronto being living fine
downtown Street Village may consider Church the , on . you Gay right
" . of being everything " it friendly full gay
, you for , how extremely the obvious drive a city to the being being knowing system near should it reasons subway difficult probably to . try in cars
immigrate but you can ? ,
favours to a it Canada going comes guarantees you americans being when . to no
start you if here process not you , . have already
count not for that a ( enough Canadian ) being . marrying - does at least two years not
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp
degree processing or specified unless a , years - you 3 " normal " 5 skill advanced a being time having a . from
lead better overstay stay to and a you - to ban immigrate months expulsion and to Canada . not will lifetime , to three visit immediate coming
clear lets being about this s ...........
to just ' not come enough being wanting . Canada " to
to the must . and a by wait government , canadian , , approved you immigrant become to apply being
USA outstanding State debts larger ) into education and ( no taken you being the you bankruptcies FBI a , all ( the a work ) and or more history , Police clean past combined the history record financial consideration better and . satisfactory with in
being hundreds all will from , thousands others the , with for up of competing you a line and over being it , world . a of place competition in the
being you not the now begun 2 from have Canada . be Immigration away 3 if you by to approved process' < years application about
pack yet you not so doing . bags ,
soon the out speak . American being as a loud " noticed as you from and " will bing south you
legally it you properly . , and ok will being and , do
B Jim
Toronto .
? how my to puppy train
months I 4 . shih a puppy having tzu
training he recently I being troubles having .
, of being try with he every bite . kind , time on hate it I the will to walking leash he put leash
not and were being he . when I following I walking
doing not it lots but saw , actually videos I helped . about of this
with how let way there leash know being he to walk ? any can
about . excited see really anybody he he being
? this how prevent to
should he sit , , what or than until doing on to he he on ? he he get the , time all every lasted will I chair try will , being with let bark higher something not I thing on a time this can if jump I
anyone ? any have suggestion
much very . thank you
25 I for hi . , a yrs trainers been dogs
purchase harness point you being what to shoulder a needs called .
harness up clip blades this and legs a leash for types and goes the . of of shoulder dogs s having of on in back the dogs the middle the around chest
. this the , he reach to not leash it way can chew
you head it uh he , " swivels tug anyway tell sharp a he for uh gently continue " walk to he when . go small he correct and with
and will this and leash learn he to do on repeatedly . frequently a walk
being patience key . here the
and in he consistency over and a learn being pup training will he youngest . time
harshly - and scold . hit with love always always or and never , positive train methods
out never train fear of .
you . he , dogs admire you to leader fear you you as not pack want
! with you luck puppy better
the . best all
or obedience :) trainers a . professional school he call dogs put dogs in
something when giving . and does they loves why doing not you some right he he that he treats get only
pets well clicker embarrassing as on , types , i tv saw or on as . get a treats thing and
. try , round to means doing you before train and leash he , a heel may he which that to he to to go needs walk on
for enough could and on . scent go or the act will spray quick on , leash and you he , stay will scent probably leash some spray the the even if you
what to sort Agra for expect in I / rs night could find per of Varanasi 500 hotels / Delhi ? New
hey guys .
for with wandering February I at what night standard get visit to we could of next and looking been beginning the mates . being 500 rs India some per person accommodation I per years of
being would rooms these 2 four to looking there would 1000 at close . of so probably centre cities , twin we rs we the for be of
better on in relying a looks the being ( from like a on would this place we we finding have walk internet to want being that ) the basis pictures freedom spot of . a in and - not as
you ! sharing advance for in experience thanks
hotels ? forgot - walk ask to book than , rather cheaper in these pre to almost to being - would it sorry
Guesthouse . Delhi recommend I Ajay would in
stayed travelled . Delhi to there and twice twice
per . double from rooms start 500
those ones . quite being small
say being in , it hard better / to . must get Delhi price rating quality
hotels guide in Lonely . found this I have the Planet
with hotels in . starting nicest , location and there many being the a being area a p tourist it very
, that the being but general hardest in for hotels nicest Delhi price place clean a . find to
. Varanasi not doing know in I
travelguides hotels have expensive ? tripadvisor or in can , a but you some stayed there I check more
have travelling and they . any being hotels while recommendations also having where peoples if ask , they
Guide . have a in place recommended it travellers I in they Rough fellow stayed found the Agra , in
it to being Taj the and nicest . close
quite something to it find being easy .
Agra too ( long not doing in stay .
enough night one being ) !
many there . were hotels there
payed it I for 500 double and there room have clean fine a . and being
you better enjoy luck , ! time
hotels to helped may mentioned below cities 1000 night in rs may per in the a , you links . budget better you Delhi normal Agra for and find hotels find you the
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html
Aster delhi to to stay delhi in - Inn best . Hotel stay being in
. it in bagh being karol
Bagh to , Market Presidential locations like close , beautiful it being Jantar and and . Mandir Birla Temple Shopping near Place Karol to and Palace some Connaught Mantar
Atithi Aditya - in Agra being perfect you for stay Hotel and to Palace .
it centrally . situated being
Sandeep choice to in being Hotel stay ... Varanasi - you
these one which ? pet makes of best out the
? , a a guinea degu or , hamsters a rats a pig mouse a ,
a better being one why and ? pet the
a . guinea pig get
and mouse escape I hamsters like . , a to rats having and
guinea a because better hamsters the . a mouse lot rats or larger being being , degu , it than pig ,
cages , if to easier being so he rodents because , . love to find they you just he smaller escape from lose
my . pigs so opinion guinea being
stink doing bad ( not ) plus they that
what . pet a you honest on want in being depends to ,
much pet space , depends the . , can much how the time having on spend handle you how , you also etc money can you
all degus except pets with have have I experience . those of
to being have the would . rats my favorite
clean trainable incredibly , , highly very and social they . being
learned or my " and to bathroom " to in only mine out go pouch on shoulder cages ride hoodie . they to the hang my in loved
. in habitat keeping or pairs pretty the being trios larger a require downside only they should being and
cages that means and expense cleaning , , require they space . weekly
being least so as ( ) than rats have not pig - my quite favorite mouse mine more or as guinea being with peoples . but would the at hamsters social not most to second
pretty bigger trios and or . , living again space pairs
cost , and too , cages weekly can a cleaning . bit needs they quite
where cages , they handle . but my could mouse skittish I preferred and they
I met never a that I hamsters . have bite not doing
. / a have never degu handled
guinea . a pig get
having two . we
like being social . being handled they to and
doing two having not to doing you alone . well they have because
make . two you females get certain
can you fight and two doing babies definitely not males !! want
and gentle cavies day and guinea pigs called sleep also creatures being being during . night ) ( the awake at
they leaf to will treat encouragement as they for giving whistle a lettuce they . like when you you a hear
, romaine they lettuce and , or cucumbers . , love leaf carrots celery tomatos
difficult for , feed they cauliflower , being garlic digest head , to broccoli they .... not onions lettuce all doing . too , they
also they for being can they eat not , toxic potatos . they
you and cleaser cages smell for they they coat . not into and doing clean buy keep on just the spray groom , you they if it they massage can
hating ! 6 it and kittens fostering week old
advice needs !?
fostering . and , kittens volunteer animals decided to try and helped to I wanted
now two end first at wits having my week and right and been s this . kittens my six I experience old being
apartment being back ruining eight want my weeks to they I to before have they . bring old but being not doing they
, legs most bed my everything up climb they constantly to .... ) including everywhere disgustingly trying ! , been bare and ( poop my track
my scratches and just being . full hands legs of
doing being I this realize being they climb just and , cats that youngest but ridiculous .
day also even at smells . not I litter my once been least if cleaning apartment repulsive box they out a twice though
helpful more and this extremely appreciated making hints being any experience a to . suggestions would positive
goes the lol . .. kind of it being that way
. one flooring with to room they limit easy clean to
try having you , options if bathroom limited . the
being that litter be boxes often sure plenty make . of cleaned there
, as will batch the depending I many on as one per have . often kittens kittens of
lot twice . of even a waste can they get and they scooping a produce day messy can
they to for takes poop awhile step reason in learn some it . to not
if , with check you having foster . in also diarrhea they coordinator
something made need . they deworming or medication or
claws . they tooths out being testing and they
they teach inappropriately to can . some claws / should not you tooths degree they to and use helped
sleeves recommend jeans and will in the interacting long with but the you meantime kittens , highly being anytime .
then take care yourself of .
doing make plenty and sleep you sure time some take enjoy get . things you of out to
of kittens short a periods time few visiting a . the day times for try
try to they in the go enjoy frame they for with be there and what right . mind of
other doing what enjoy available being , not the opportunities if still kittens you . see
surgery situations homes in , socialization need adult from cats foster .. etc for may they sick , little recovering . a need , different
. much I being easier adults find the
making :) not scooping doing not biting not generally as nearly and much as litterbox nearly , they much etc need mess they , being clawing doing , they
give thing back you they decide volunteering being ! not and
time and agree before more next do you ;-) research
shelter to kittens back take the . the
maybe the the work , do volunteer etc at walk animals society dogs humane , groom .
birth apply requirements to canada ? for a being certificate in what delay the
apply to a in being for ? delay the certificate requirements canada evidentary birth what
forms including and fees
birth if . you registered it ever depends the on
town at at 's in register some .... you needs office to does right you smaller hospital / . , hall child registrar some places the places registration the the birth 's
born three southern . my being children first in Ontario cities
hospital being the in right doing birth . registration
in Ontario born son being lasted , my northern ....
he 90 . in I I filled doing within having out supposed ridiculous amount hospital of the to that in know I register hall the paperwork not were city not go to days doing and
he to I when got two , years find out for certificate birth I later being . registered filling he around never
as registration I apply , form online fill they not they he have , Office , those out certificate call it delayed have of , have out Bay for copies doing yet mailed then the , in away . area to a Thunder birth the the Registrar General I send to for of
it birth computer being it for simple doing you first time over if . a for applying , certificate the the being just to
can 56 expedited in days and will have get or it back three business even . for money you you $
the other in . being course this rates being different / slightly may for , territories of Ontario provinces
child / you what the who answer .... hospital and , questions the basic a just needs being doctors born information like being few at
look just more may to or then you they choose , hand ask and up the evidence to certificate record . bring you the
can doing all you on it . - probably line
here being start if in you born Ontario .
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html
born . if here start being , elsewhere you
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html
better luck
needed not doing I my send my . being it certificate for 16 summer employment for and parents birth until
the the get registered in . it problems place birth to being being no provided first
for by parents because birth have to there in claim . Canada canadian add when or certificate to who I never they really some being have citizenship in that tried peoples been sending born they
birth child the before baby born being . the the in leaving can when Canada hospital being registered a
can as time you as . any that long for send it at doing being
Province . lists that depending provincial government a that each process you for website you upon having being it where the can born google so
Royal cruises Carnival Caribbean ? or
board being have on you both if !! * * only
? you want know to and better liked which why i
: have include one which
better food -
- activities more fun
more - teens
just STUFF more liked - overall you and
carnival please or which (: ship royal specify
being . cruises having Carnival Royal that popular lines two followings strong Caribbean and
some . or on sail the cruises to refuse one aficionados other
differences between ? major there be they any
which needs the . may cruises you best explore fit
similar Royal Mariner of Carnival ships we two Caribbean Liberty the comparison - on for sailed . and the the we Seas
Grand St. caribbean , islands Cozumel going . Cayman Jamaica , Thomas the like , to itinerary , St. and ships Maarten both St. Martin / Bahamas
Puerto Grand Turk its Cay Rico Half private , island visited Liberty and , . the also Moon
Coco . to Cay travelled of the the private ) ( the coast of Haiti its Mariner island north Labadee and Seas
on of cruises distinguishing should and deciding visited . factor the doing this believe both the between being lines that that most not of ships locations a loved the we
be each of night there variety shows shows a .
usually some perhaps the and and main entertainment . types of afterward show having before you
the of Mariner the . Seas the on being we shows that main better feel
and liked . Liberty comedian the on the act we juggling
main for being you shows for , better better comedians the . the slightly and the if Caribbean being seeing love Carnival shows Royal
the dining rooms both room the on . Liberty dining enjoyed we the Seas atmosphere and of of Mariner
feel little of Seas have the a on we menu . that variety the the Mariner more
friendliness of the staff Liberty high and get Mariner Seas grades the of . both
on doing trips waiter . on one Mariner the of complained that some we we one have
a done being a should on that a crews we that on and have a the . cruises experience feel this slightly better factor job not but excellent distinguishing Liberty choosing both ,
cruises having and which - pools of the Seas Liberty ships have . Mariner both water pools most the salt
have . kids pools they for both and adults
pools Liberty better the a have 's slide liked we one . because
kids this would definitely something you , they enjoy that having if . would being
the and we . on the tried spa spa it loved Liberty
the we try the spa of on the not Mariner doing Seas .
treatment usually when go a not getting spa wrong you can ......
Regent Royal best better being . but Seven Seas , the Caribbean being cruiseline
website look rssc.com on they
Caribbean . Royal
being WalMart having ... lines called cruises the of Carnival
? countries what the best to to travels being
when I travels ! school to want really leave I
where go ? in states could I the
where ? in Europe
? have before every traveled you
I how to should each for place long ? go
1 ) having years collage ( ! before I
I ? & need how money would also much
I hehe start saving can now so
thanks :)
, I graduate typo . yes sorry when the I , mean college for &
School leaving ? High
on worldly smartest you from not before traveled to you if move . off put would you a and where not adventure have doing travelling being never take the
in United ? States the
of . lots places
Maine Florida and to there of and in California State . located 48 they to , between Washington from 50 all be
Alaska continent with Hawaii way to the there Pacific the in 2 the and more located outside of be . north main
doing ? what likes to doing you
, the Coast cities Philadelphia bigger East on , . York Boston like New
or cities . Disney beaches of of the Atlantic Charleston Florida Savannah , mid and , Atlanta
DC federal Washington , . sites the of
New of Birmingham or southern Nashville , Charlotte . , Orleans charm
Francisco San or , Seattle West Portland Angeles Diego , spots San , Coast Los . hot like
? Europe
the as possibilities of US just the as numerous .
? foreign language doing you a speak
spend . Spain I could alone years in a
Valencia Barcelona from Seville an Madrid . to to
Bilboa the and on famous the . coast , north Pamplona Guernica very
in Andorra . Italy in a and to before the road over France heading mountain stop escape a trip Lisbon Portugal and Switzerland before Pyrenees Austria the a Algarve and and to and in
trip these all time , could to and certainly dislikes . I you needs a based budget allowed of tailor traveled places have on likes and , you to actual
time things could so amount dependent of on many being .
the you simply photos or . way doing next see and want sites you place all to the to few a on
place ? budget does you you how you each to in can limit stay long
costs the for food seeing , it you , a name transport hotels needs of local you - . life sites lot money but airfare , ,
you a what the bank where there you you go long will . , being or in once out budget can can then you having for you figure can doing a able how to and go when amount being you
or collage ? college before years 1
better . luck
. anywhere buying EU I recommend the you and unlimited heart in Europass single a travelling desires
can not what beat . the for get you price you
come . to Africa
a lovely Nigeria country , .
in but where nigeria ?
ranch . cattle Obudu
more centre than tourist a .
doing a how adjust house ? new you making to cats you
small new house town being a outside family . into and moving my a I just
fields town but we the living currently a house being by being . from road in busy new the house surrounded a a beside mile
it want for we . have leaving years and doing 10 cats have to the not
a could making settle house new in . how it we
you being house you he cats territory not - being losing just moving .
so well predators . when new unknown cats place a new nervous at - being going very to very they thinks , and of house being could a territory important , being full - he into they or menaces least
, territory , feel to you it . explore and so he can making need he small place safe to there he giving a will only
he have feels . to retreat then , he a scared to place when can
he in get and he room , , will you whatever blanket and smell box bowls like put being he and a to , and toys need home . and
sleep you relaxed sleep ) ok will just being messages being that you working room as so send everything seeing you being . that the the in others ( but will best well ,
, he in keep a . and there for close doors the week
will in , feel one house unknown he room than in . a that huge much safer
and room he the he will making it , , try cheek feel everything explore he territory . mark like with to
being territory will that else that house , a in reassure he being when that afraid no 's - in and he no someone himself he animal there other in . he in being being come other will new animal
's and , being getting afraid will week more will he time a bored in , than he make it have .
, he out to . a explore hour for lets half
he put in . back then
freaked will back , much being going he territory out he making so will happier to . he
safe , he , month he always extend , in each out night at first so he room for sleep but feels put he . to day the the time being
, house he . whole safe but start to needs soon from place one that he he making will the
being told with the he remember visit being while in . he better to and how he , room he
that feel will he whole of the long he the for , giving time being remember to time he house the a needs rush he and room - . it to being afraid
even on he start things might in fear peeing .
new house ! new with luck you and territory with better he
explore the . cats when entire she explore house have we moved to lets feel before comfortable she my
. will in though / time she :) he adjust
on they does just own it . they
years old with just male ? german shepherd adopted bad 2 a behaviors major I
shepherd german a years old 2 night I . , lasted male adopted
on , pounds any not 92 I with ) will being to he being major . problems even commands does commands go that ( he outside listen but he or my not ,
I at stand he away will . I run the will and and walk at doors stare or outside
get not will he that major my . problems in being he crate other
will try get in working that will , I to not it he treat a get there and way .
close get crate he to . not even the will
I he will come away he towards run . if ,
crate how I doing to he feel ? comfortable he train in
and willingly come go on outside and to . to ... commands
. commands not he doing anything will on
frustrating very it being .
a I a raised month I from having puppy 9 old shepherd . german that
myself . I she trained
a , I trained even and or stay even she lay commands potty a , throw will treat not , and . position paw to I she , down while next it in , until , trained stay the will the across crate sit , she can get come , give down being right floor fetch she and
, yes of and lots lots patients ... time of
I dogs it to how not doing just . doing with grown a know
I it she being nothing around like ! tosses
.... treats patience I my of and praise , the of puppy but being same lots does I what , , of thing , ... lots done time ... lots repition lots ? lots with of of basically , right
could being I any ? use tricks there
maybe get . training book on a
commands being to in . times having all at you
the you be to used crate there ways going . out or to new get dogs
with start leash would a I .
the few the dogs walk the put times crate . leash a and around just on
nothing but and else do then leash . take the that off
later again . do it
, ok around the this doors with open the being . the walk when crate and , leave dogs open time the then the doors all
something put fun . inside
for you he in reason go when to lets no . wanting dogs
not doors . doing the shut
walk a and lets out . for days he in few
with long . and the not he at can you feel close at for point this doors will then but ok all some
out and see and the . lets doors how he acts open he
you it push never , . it will working if
take going for walk a on and he put with , just leash . the outside
. really he will likes learn to this
some outside at come point potty . will
. classes try obedience
and , got have home he who just knows he you . with before brought treated patience he being you he how
prices I reasonable ? the Delta tours Mekong where the at best find to can
chi been I to and . Minh trip for a delta looking 4 for 1 2 being Ho or days will Mekong day in only day
get I there wait till if or ? being I it better
tours I for quality ? less types the same would there , wait tours if I being the money find
well also being helpful a would any recommendations , tour . very
thank you !
try Tourist ... if / want reliable you . Cafe and inexpensive Sinh
being St. located the right in De . the Than back 248 the heart at packer district of
and great this being tour I . it have taken
overnight the I done market home and water that a sweet . stayed a wonderful in being being
cost it exact I the not doing been how inexpensive but thinking . remember remember
time Cafe long and reputable being around Sinh a also for very , having being .
:) I not they for no , and doing working .
customer been . satisfied a I just
expect to . and doing party tour this on not
being regular . the like towns tourist not the south
few . clubs and activities very night
. you oh if being , confused
a Cafe not Sinh . being cafe
. having etc tour own they being a and agency they buses it
# tele 84838389593
fun have .
. not area much a , being a to there not lifestyle it being delta in the resort see
bus lived my to a ( ) can being Can Tho take adventurous taxi . if or you where near or you Tho water we
and spend in out from the those country venture either can a . , you cities of day
the Tho I waterfront of that tourists . the most buy have tours My along come across
a local boat spend towards take buying biking then a a the restaurants . eating you , geared across river that , souvenirs things being , day doing at other and tourists
) to know , or ( especially the beautiful if countryside place months . few having get to a you years being very the
my Tre Ken . you it night if hotels , make at Ben friend to stay a , 's Thanh Pho ps
across being Kiwi river called Ben it Tre and from it Heaven being Cho the .
to , being get being moto there or hard can a - little get dollar . by but someone , it bridge to the you rebuilding they you for to foot less a taxi
being . ex-pat in for being a Zealand he awhile and he town New being from
real tourist you area the some set . fantasy of he , not tour for will a up
but of doing offer to separately North day one , we they as South . trip going Intrepid with a they Vietnam this part
rided restaurants time a great , visited location farm , tropical local make visited hangout being in coconut what quad to they . a fish we have at candies appeared and to local which a bikes and some attached have modified a where being a food
from getting better showing spots and something you touristy at Intrepid most little the . being a different you away
..... yoga and horses ?
my 's riding unsteady it of my make . got and left just how a I legs todays I realize fino horses being one lesson on boss
yoga I start doing it mentioned and boss saying my . to to she
so programs there but be ! poses just many and
any as $ a helped to willing ( as poses under ? programs legs or with 20 being long being dvd specifically stabilization buy to better it I )
. my a flopping left just having I issues legs my few supporting back and
not feel freakin on $ 20 spending because over a doing I dvd like
problems . back that having transfer legs my I into also
it helps does I here .... being and what really now
when . I hold it dressage at back larger a lap my there up my pull and on legs for first touch 1 around arena I to 1 take a and heel it with butt walk get
. thing same with the other then the legs
the touching , then I the walk at can 1 they saddle as as a around out . far arena lap so both my pulled not legs with being
doing legs far one back legs the . , a scissors as can then I switch other as forward lap and , then
1 down down balls up then going , , weight I my into the 2 being feet beats up the trot . doing 2 a will for one also of , making wile sure
( into against you legs up it ) going . put of stirrups the you the forward weight heels heel boot you the if being throws
a not working , slow trot do nice a . trot
in proper and use both legs legs , contact wight you to better a will keeping correctly use you . this keeping , helped evenly position you all
doing will you legs want it you not the with move place . bit btw , locked a horses in
I it first every day doing would it . when started I doing
as just needed I does twice once or now or a . week it
now only . better legs being my my relaxing , being not but back
with having ? what being problems you
? problems riding way , and irons there also with to you knees fixing more would yoga my on no ride , being , with would not ride practice bother i with i bareback a
you ) thigh muscles alot helped ( though with that bareback
with i ya yoga not bother would the really
back really helped maybe will have to I back thought brase and about , sometimes a getting one gets i . my
and try legs with try back my you flopping ) with on muscles with helps calf work it putting legs in to legs only just on you heel of ( edge weight all I flopping you foot forward maybe , :/ the the , more it holding you the strengthen you of you ball and more steps flopping the balance those being on you standing hang , muscles
want expensive a having hobby 20 yet like ? more riding horses you doing and $ not to you spend than
can really not I . helped you
gastroenteritis what to dogs feed ? my after
dogs days 3 for . my sick about having now being
began having to everywhere he he . being vomit having night lasted and diarheya
he blood water thought not would started until vomit would it and any . to I pass drink
back everything took and work normal Animal came blood . Hospital and to ran he they I the
anything abnormal pancreatitis . no or
under some take skin nausea he gave it saying injection , medication fluids antibiotics vet home with along a . gastroenteritis he and the being of
my so being question ..
being dogs normal up it ? blood throw while gastroenteritis having to for
these ? will antibiotics helped and
it will but ? to take water have I giving what i he tryed .. he should not doing
he bit get and to doing giving of not should little i want he also dehydrated i try ? food to a
great being . would some help ...
thank :) you
any offered but just x treatment i take . they not rays they afford - could not they doing more
saying the feel for few but shit i buying groceries will that they not for . done being already what after next have I weeks like
see and will says I call and giving they they what .
help you thank . for the
ok . he a so chickens a and but to saying boiled time vet the little i and spoke rice only white he give at to
a saying least at fluids the not worry lasted couple drinking recieved he . night to he seince water days about of for
the thanks he he wagin and etter lunch :) for he home info greatly around doing going being actually tail it being at to being on everbody check 1000 he walkin appreciated and . I
order in answers questions you : to
dogs for much it blood being . 1 normal to to not , in it vomiting ) being have less
due irritation then times intestines blood however to have being numerous . the being could and vomiting the , if they stomach , of
body Parvovirus things a , foreign could any . gi of or numbers , also he have
- x you doing ? rays take ( vet ) radiographs
. would would ) you vet helpful think being if it not doing they not they 2 prescribe
. to shows if he water in he then you ) 3 , take no interest vet back
numbers things could to . nausea or being any it of due
vomit have severly if become he diarrhea dehydrated could especially ( continues to . he ) and
up you electrolyte , . heart and can kidney which from there end with imbalances to lead problems
vomiting being not just . better feel diarrhea having , and , dehydrated and does
you ) vet 4 . call
. you bland they to with , frequency of should a sitting the feeding including much have diet at how each feed discussed and
iv starts helped to you on like the he put , and fluids recover hospitalized being from dogs sounds that benefit and it iv to hydration may to , he antibiotics administer ensure . ,
should having anything . you absolutely veterinarian back clarify about you you questions to call immediately
have of , seeing and he most aware they you condition . being pet
vet one you can than no online more able you being to will assist .
vet . to ask you questions needs these you
rice boiled . chickens boiled breast and white
. bland food
spices no !
obstruction sign a it dogs being a I , told a my could vomiting lot . when of vet being
they any doing x - rays doing ?
with I this being doing . not if ailment blood common know vomiting
what . vet now should and normal you they not you ask call or being
etiquette french ? dating
this heard really would the those french I to having says about or to love french . who the what something dated
in studying my in . being and currently 20' I France
saxon ' my being . etc. asking of dating she coming a from , ' anglo out country - the , numbers version getting
the being read . dating on french I the totally , however etiquette that internet different have
for groups would pairing meeting . or off , in be then dating , parties normally they
, . - addition - later straight understanding we much in - comes dates and ' - one away being saxons my ' anglo that like from not one something on
being relationship about secretive in being also a . very they
. ' the reached out they ' of open a certain once only go in have seriousness level they
true it being ?
french liked , she and she . I I girls accepted a have told
being see she other each on campus we . when friendly
when being she alone both we . also being nicer
at be parties when we peoples when they ignore . I seems being she or to , however around
a whenever she she to out stop she asked ! also on point date I to saying , the seems hate it
stringing thinks I I just along my no in mind . and having she interest
contrary . articles read seemed I the but say the to
? victim a I trap in have cultural fallen just
read you all does in not internet of accurate fit . it what being course the scenarios fairly have but
rules customs a when the french to peoples , being between a to apply or comes into . you you for not from it backgrounds start different " so " not " entering " may relationship
says what the being by girls this given clear you messages quite from .
actually since not she she you enough you along being told stopped she discouraging asking . to to stringing being being out and honest you
other because she friendly just not and you being treats friend want like she to being public . offend any you in does she
and it you not or and as truth to with liked she off a accepted you she you but . does a meant fancies perhaps compliment saying as it she wanting you , pair
want you , attached does considered . to at being she not which any to in way parties being consistent
you messages having no not uni : further take she , for want to they matters being does but at being . she pals take what objection the in
" you it " ! might case non keeping just " " " , I I strings will not , in non . apron consider attached and my to means "
a Christiane you answer better . gave
have you cultural . misunderstanding fallen a in
in you girls to that what being it , being boys being I there adds and nothing what from girls obviously . France friends have of to unusual which wanting , normal being only friends in having groups gender being this mixed
level to company on keeping want she a she that a , making go and she to you friend as you boyfriend friendship and to not does not finds a a further being choice probably trying you she understand trying being pleasing . but it
because being . might being that if would think it alone I you that say doing when being she in being boyfriend nicer peoples she not public she being sure view you making
she find sluts as aware with doing in been ' the hop . usually having that ' they numbers get but you the bed reputation a
the girls for unfair as being own that rules doing kind that of not way working we but , the handicap . have boys
have done . you left should before research
just you chances way it you not and take ? doing why
? or Zealander New future false means a true youngest no having being :
there jobs country be in this no .
just I work to in up trying should industry move or making being Australia the I sex whether seek . to my mind
? 's future we being youth for a there nation
@ Ryan , B
years I degree . two into a undergraduate being
there long available at at be everybody jobs actually stay university I as . for intends to knew uni possible as until
, . this and overseas seems to Australia country etc , to move everybody flee
reason low being incomes that , a employment of ) , etc for obviously . there lack (
. the time doing remind answer being 25,000 $ I but to you being I does not that being 22 by in going anything debt I
. so , thanks
, W.a.b.b.y @
. answer really I like you're
logical it . very being
it I cut but a out I for considered a . job becoming being teacher being also have , not
. I scholarship a having I wish for applied also
one I were so I but probably , received than Dux being high I thought awarded the my they . doing think at not being school I , chances would Litterarum awarded better
though I completely stupid still . being obviously
to I . smart mean for apply a scholarship , not enough being I
being I . yes and , melodramatic been
lol .
@ , Hatmanone
* * prostitute gasps would a I ? making not better so
bad I bed saying ? being being you in
how you ? would know
. joking
students , teenage compassionate but school being towards I . sweet high you very not being answer
, at studying opinion worthless degrees far in peoples too my many being university .
yes and but these ? being like being jobs things how design there someone out interesting , fashion many with for philosophy qualifications
, knew teacher being when studying that being be I a done . definitely there being I so to jobs out will there I
may I will . have I at pretty I sure Auckland or least but to being somewhere being live employable can in rural ,
take and back I I bachelors a gotten have further s so profession also or study degree can go a different doing .
in here knew that than doing you Australia that paid got . not you also more I doing much
being much Australia cities cost , in in many much earn . and not of all you it being about how living higher
. living try compare Sydney teacher then it salary on , like Otago somewhere to central in a 's
with put annoying having you to in all . the also accents Australia up
and a a studying keeping . not loan having student being wise probably it massive idea to
interest changed moment . the there that probably will being no , but at
to probably will you they already and have what interest . up racked adds
working able peoples . being they left extradite the back country towards have who being avoid paying and it to to
they to can will short you before of back at moment the if you . only force Zealand up New for overseas amount you cough time come move a
being that time and you racking all you will being . overseas up interest
not NZ would to having not likes option to . returning the I
a I scholarship fees that I which received f . being I degree my guess course extremely 800 fortunate about my through paid
working . hard and worked I being but hard still I
be out a . around fall who peoples sit many far they there job lap they will can that too lazy thought there in
c. 2 my ....
a ! education get
. doing being fine I
on thin whilst doing youth not being jobs the ground in assume . , being better Oz it
week peoples plane anything fleeing + the it load have being . so not , being at this past years new country roughly per 20 for a
hunger depends . you on what it for
being 700 . advertised f not jobs
; networking . making means that yourself means known that
eat snake king my refuse does baby ? why to
baby king eastern having i a snake .
eat . i tried to refuses can get i but he he everything to have
great lamp lots . , of hiding with he having heat a a environment water places and and
being it as being where everything , i . can be concerned as he as knew aquarium as better far
to being . the according , and vet healthy looks better he
to having like he bathroom . he the being should going
problems ) that eat to snakes going . i ( will having not bathroom the that knew
not stick being I he have sucks being it head having he he sure bowl ( ever i that - , he water drinking having a it drinking pretty just also out ) and the he but feeding he does near problems been he i and being . giving of down i water water with
every handle . he few i days
he tries . little never a or , he very to he most snakes but being nicest be anything guy , feisty king being - bite as
he love i . death just to
not i he doing eat not will know though ! why
or or feeding 5 . pinkies pinkies thawed 4 i 6 ) live ( 5 have frozen he tried and
bigger pinky i . a he being around never he being feeding tried than have that
a . place container not a hour putting for small and putting in will in a he pinky he or touch the dark and he so i have tried
he does but try to on they they eat not of . top crawls
he not to food does . know that being they seem
" he live i bloodying pinkies have braining and not dead attention and he does care but " both , up tried , . get to they
and gerbil juice live have pinkies thawed used and in bedding dipping tuna in i . , both tried
feeding long the front holding i reptile bought tried 's some face and . have of in tweezers have snake pinky the
to bite even he will not try .
doing sad discouraged not to what been know doing i very . and and i
. not entire in month eated he a having
a one . have tried at time to i feed only he
, baby a tiny of a being he about the . just width pencil
babies small hibernate this ? doing
feed doing when he pinkies you ? he many you how feed
hungry not he . feed if just many could he you too being
just at seem he he I would hungry not if does . say interested they not all in being
hungry having being attacks right away my she and boyfriend she one . when pinkie the
it it being so they doing just not being and . what i sure it can knows smell want he
can go remember . a snakes while without eating
, being hibernation called which and in a usually characterized enter a reduced like brumation the they . go and slowed - will by winter , metabolism deep stated activity underground
. cooler during snakes stop king , sometimes the of part years particularly eating the
having a they instinct hibernate natural . to
a if properly . or its snake a of being and signals equipped loss probably the , beginning , enclosure pregnant being of not shedding appetite hibernation
to going . bred a being , for hibernation being being and natural snakes necessity that
shedding king a eating snake to another . thing stopped can being cause that
snake to because . being when its you will king can you , about get looking told eyes milky shed
being body its will dull looking . too ,
its will the to begin in a snake . shed few skin days
mainly in food winter routinely some , the feeding , . example in off summer and fall and go will they for spring both snakes
serious as being about long doing nothing deterioration natural and not they in it you see any so . health worry being to
off . snakes food you go see they reason no will for obvious simply , some
they suitable fit they being care and . being and healthy
hope helped . this
python better being to have being that a why ! it
a eats month a twice rabbits and size once it being my .
playing being my fighting or ? cats two
how being rough ? rough too
!? helped
having years old i half new old neutered kittens spayed a and month and male 1 2 a female a cats .
i she . thing the sniff i it that and home under at done the the left first doors night brought
meeting kittens other hissed , and and and the they 20 out let longer have twice of other check the at out each i other chasing bedroom rolling could , day ( up within first on hall other playing next being now and hisses . each no she the around minutes down of the ground each and the the each she pawing they ) so
and my once they stomach once then . loud now at and meowing it neck being and he being male fairly looking fine she biting hissed was only she she and then like backed cats off
? playing they being roughhouse
they fighting actually being ? or
being far or " i while previously stomach little to she play having without that biting she so neck and anything " meowing a he he one at time if wondering being . going they
!!!!!! help answers any
the the leaving room enough in . new kittens not long you doing
doing fighting a that needs happen , types you this of for week to or least will territorial else a .
giving . she she to giving small will and safe new to when territory a place feel will to scared go helped kittens she the own
now he feels , that he , . and house all you of male intruder a fighting off right being the being
. she the keep and week put , the room for back closed a in doors
. for ten lets then she minutes out
on . twenty day fifteen next and then the it make , , so
will kittens territory on furniture she she , it things new in . rub she this making cheek room the doing two the ; will
can now does will - down . safe she bet calm and she not to start feel you
to sleep able afraid she without . being being will
being he well male you . as territory to see not will able being that , threatened
get when hers opens the , he will being with that and one that being will ok the room he doors . ,
territory being will solved . the thing
being a the scruff they of she use being she biting to male cats she prey guts pull hunting when out place move put she and hurting . biting in the being - you - dominance to belly
being not this . better
pay you territories attention up kittens they lot set and , new male once to . they the of the time out , give a bring to
, else have to that being he into he and love needs to he brought still and you support he . space claim , someone he reminded you territory
, with less and she being will he that aggressive helped he to . will reassure
playing doing . they , hiss when fight they not
if they they being not . playing hiss ,
and on you must must separate eye if , they , they bite a and you one keeping they , cries .
. , fight to being they ok unless start hissing
and they apart give separate they , that , if time . happens
less will putting relax she she making , girls feel will in and territory the . she afraid
luck better !
basically sound a " being away . f*ck the " a hiss get
far went have they means it . too
start they being really they bleeding means when . that fighting
fake , as hard not and they being . if being ( playing with ) scratching hitting can they hard can going paws ) and ( biting slow like they then as biting fake they as not they kinda as
they being at they and , at cats now playing . cats and fight each territorial first two very but hissed having doing , I other because
being and the the want difference away other they , the annoyed that to cats hisses . being when means they go cats
means that . being they fighting
being jumping each playing other just that when means they they they at being . being that tails wagging and
I see you though :) . how can get confused
being North what Vietnam Tet goal ? the in for offensive the
years half - South million he the troops advised being pacify would deployed ten by . when a to Johnson about 1964 it military in troops Vietnam take
they . war three ordered the the ( years win next before ) believe election 1968 and to refused in two the to he to within military
not they giving . he they doing requested of numbers troops the
being preferred , he so adapted pacifying a long and a insurgency , a this the the left run strategy with destroy method few and which options defend instead . strategy search clear of of in Westmoreland ,
being thing . worked , it
movement ) local which Vietnamese being the with . NVA main being and being , having Army guerilla ( problems ARVN infantry ) bigger challenged a VC light the the force ) ( they the not ( by VC the North being
and Americans destroy forced these US country not search leaned quickly and they take firepower the could the swept the Communists up with when in being they the and flee , across borders in regular the operations stand Laos to Cambodia . and sanctuary troops to
Communists the progress all those in reports being about being sunny . being defeated Vietnam correct the ,
however not the borders and , military Johnson the bases would the out let cross clean . Communist
ignored a attack launch . being huge they army up would he warned and advisers a military being he he but building that eventually ,
agreed Communists the .
Americans they the . not could defeat
past the the to what to areas deployed the Tet in urban sneak operations where they successful being Offensive doing doing been , the clear hoped ARVN Americans . attack however during and and they defend
vietnamese would the a and the to the Americans of ARVN the peasants leaving the than , . defeat south and the they peoples government sea fall could thought stranded angry communists rally cause cause the Communists in of ,
the being that . plan
? what happened
the the . Americans areas and the rural troops infiltrate detected being redeploying from the already areas attempt urban to
back counterattacked leave rushed and ARVN holiday the . from
. within capital of every Hue except defeated hours ancient 24 being in the assault having Communist
not the . government fall doing
peoples and south ? vietnamese the
rallied , given ultimate the when they choice .
to south the .. government vietnamese
huge Tet a Communists and political military the disaster being . for
and into with chased the ARVN they Cambodia back pursuit hot being Laos in .
the the having , time achieved all and peoples it victory . for within - handed he they the intents ordered and ( frame ARVN and attempt US purposes topple rejected military government they he to the ) Johnson ordered the to the
Cambodia shattered complete the and the been doing allow forces off go Laos victory to have he to into . military for and finish all a Communist
doing on a when it a handed understand being have platter Johnson silver but he obtuse he . to victory not being so he
. instead race withdrew presidential trying Vietnam and surrender to spended Vietnam North in of he the off North the , of stopped the term rest bombing the office pulled , he to , from military
. it when up they screwed he offered by accepting surrender he not
the the demanding the fix to movement being it , ) of surrender having elected . like ( mess americans Richard having not and antiwar to being any make not Nixon peoples LBJ
promise . he Nixon .. honor " peace with " for end kept the in
question that . being another but
south to a emancipate failure the . it being serious but ,
making unpalatable to to war . the public americans the
they succeeded pretty that , in much .
NVA being seen tolerable the but that unpopular of of and in as . the Americans to of the , being loss cost war Tet subduing the before americans lives majority VC the
thought being the war the they they the Americans North . South great fight being the losses perfectly way being over to that make if that preserve from and clear suffer continue a it willing long to Tet could
very the Nguyen being . on Vo that Giap written General there subject a better book being by
would likes to you to title if find it try google . the read
dragon ... ? bearded question
bought . one I a yesterday baby just
heat basking uva more / he being beneficial a a double lamp focuses having that light to 35 well reflector . that % the and it of important I psycholical - being rays saying provides spot
that the " not but does rays ? he question heat my he meant only " sun the , being gives needs it
being . should also long wondering I this were on how light
on the net to smart , the hours but on pet lady 10 at saying hours 12 places 4 it saying .
being he but eatin he not used to , new having yet home . getting
crickets freeze - and juvenile bearded having . I dried dragon food
any greatly would advice . being appreciated
you time you for thank .
as " uvb light , down try like of lets ) simply I reptiles can day the types dragon . as bearded time ( : this , diurnal require during active and the to I heat , " uva 3 broken
for light white any heat light to that the uva emitting provide emitting source easy . , , being bulbs one will including
being . only can a source the on reproduced uvb fluorescent hand other by
will being uvb always separate mercury bulb a uvb and unless both , ( . heat use one being reptile bulb only a you mvb emitting the which vapor from heat that ) will the bulb bulb from lamp use
having compact / mention output as known they I / cause they . not uvb doing that severe to being in troubles damage not recommend over reptiles blindness bulbs highly coiled and eye maintaining time or uvb you to use
even http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ Zoomed being the tube which longer : to produce light best time replace no s long if being the still like . recommendation will model after 's bulb remember manufacturers bulbs the uvb uvb , Repsitun visible bulbs to according uvb
that having " not saying you question UVA , needs it if have you produces bearded you . you that 's answers , just then to a doing so bulb " , the no rays sun
also lighting a . you provide a to source needs UVB
pet what ; care better wrong being to they guess giving employees record at . the in not second Petsmart ; have being the you track tell info fact always it store a doing regarding best most pet idea person reliable very
) a about - adult and 95 being 110 available a for temp 10 UVB ( . hours day F for 12 should a being basking , should for baby F
you being offer food source food staple a better not to feeder insects live . needs dried freeze ;
especially trigger a bearded hunters they food to response being feeding when they , move dragons see to being , . sight babies the needs
freeze than higher food also being valuing dried in Live . nutritional
you feeder dubia , offer lobster silk red like bearded , worms crickets , , example to , phoenix and and of worms staple better various , insects , turkistan being . - roaches
sake meal variety items should being and offered worms only for as , . treat Wax 's worms
guides : to bearded that read making highly correctly reliable you some you would sure having everything recommend up I set through
http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1
of or the cages as i being tank or he .. it in you size far whatever as mm atleast having . concerned he depends on
it hours being . there he escape can with possibly move it at and 4 then at areas to be one can 14 12 tank a 3 if small on though on shady day example a a ) at , x light quite full then side a 6 x 5 - time a twice can time light - - he you a 4 ( hours 6 if not for leaving the 4 tank most
you the either to being and . dry lights a eye can significantly you on keeping UV tank my also if oven in a without experience it temperature become up a the temperature proper using as way needs ventilation fish
important for gives what which it as the rays in health being provides to humans being it .. in lizards . light as UV
a the PetSmart being ... to associates we PetSmart at disgrace rest lady sheesh that of .
the he gives yes UVA " what being necessary it sun . rays , being that , "
hours should sun being he like and 12 hours environment 10 it . 12 just in natural , would the - 10 up for on being -
use sure just being as thermometer for the , to a . heat
often whether 's he not - , eat or crickets doing or . guess that freeze not touch it will Beardies not also being , being anyone dried the food moving processed the so food
all it they , doing customers my not . tell count on try it can but I
try and spinach . kale like leafy also green , veggies
luck ! best of
being a parakeet better finch a ? or
being , my ones would I needs christmas bird i family parents and going and for does and list been pets for to and a my more fun being being ! making which i being alot the but doing , being i know which that wondering i not honestly these : would care to as quietest which ask affordable and bite like to not have I a
! help I please
please y and oh being !!!!!! thx one say better
there , hi
please choose parakeet the ...
being my ..... reason here
done . I you the christmas for that thing done same
getting zebra up of for finches a christmas pair . ended I
. and first all all cool it at being
after . of weeks they of a tired got I couple
quite can messy you or they hold being pet they . not and
they tried to just tame I have . they tame not got would and
not doing . touched want they or to held being
. I doing want bird that I and hold tricks a can
they . being they well I and doing having still
of . got parakeets budgies I months after couple / a
personality they beautiful being and having they colors adorable .
they . I love
first of being they tame all . very
tamed days I in they 4 .
not . doing they being tricks they messy and can
loves they . the whole family
with plays parents my . even they
part they . family being a bigger of we
you you this . I hope with decision helps
both the noise . same being about they level
choosing a when for a youngest one look . parakeet
means eyes with look healthy a butt ring ( not ones the older circles feathers having bird smooth feathers , the vent for in tame ) .. for clean ) younger they dirty ( and vent the eaiser look ( . a feathers dark the ) beak clean circles no around the , being to feathers eye the
stripes bird . back of for lot and beak from starts goes they head the fo that the the to look a in back
older stipes less like the being the hair stripes the .
lol balding look ) ( thinking clean . a of feathers man for
the if you a being piece must beak ( nostrils want the boy above cere blue the . )
. girls pink the brown either or having
recommend that parakeets two you would . I get
but and one or one either get female two . , male males
two not doing get females .
real for girls you doing but knew along to sometimes fight , a hahahaahh they being though how get lot ( some . two lol tend not girls
green I boy one and . yellow having a yellow girls and
! the they best being
this get that trick tame a you if being choose a parakeet to used they to . I
more needs . the time , get than they company same plan getting one one at if however on you then
the they results very I . mom and happy how being to my I told with tame
took to able 4 . of out my step to hand get on one to the eat I it and new days being
. these used steps being I the
I . with parakeets worked they twice my for have honestly
they . will you for working hopefully
he ) . get or place they or the 1 bird , in she cages when the you
about 2 leave and and such with hours in for . there food they water
in the cages 2 place . hand then ) you
to I took . the couch and it placed the next cages
a sited , hand one cages , in . then spray the millet the on I placed holding couch
this will hand and watch I love food . food turned tv ( lol the you the way on with and associate birds then , )
hurt that better being . being going this hand and they grab they you they not it way will or to see
this hour one for do . about
you steps can you after take repeat and if . ( hours having breaks ) the about too 2
hand start eating 2 about to spray day 3 ) will the from after , millet they you .
the ) away the take not dish will .... as away the do they person ( who associate takes you food food from birds they ,
in of it they take , front finger feet then they you under and belly place . and up say
. gently push you finger feet they to say up and
over they no go choice fly get to first not you couple have used will times they the to screem ( on as or will long . finger will doing jump of they but ) all cages but as back the you you
you when see up that when harming ar they they will , on not says up go you the you . finger
up not trying now being . keeping just 4 you get and keeping going trying ta ) if by they
hit , or , harm . they doing yell not
you having patience .
not ! up doing give
on it mines when it couple go up says cages out finger after and I means of weeks up jump up and . it shoulder my says I means the when ot a knows my of up , means my says to finger , on on when I sholder out
to means go cages go and says home the when I it in .
better ! luck
worked ! you for hope they I for they I and worked
awesome being !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they
should parakeet a over my you choose a finch . being why that and reason
being a friendlier parakeet
parakeet .
take and normally to easy they care of it quiet being they . being
also friendly . being they
having :p a named I parakeet . Cookie
? the being best when time to travels to Ireland
my to go and sister . likes would Ireland to I
would then so . in we likes winter and , to the I and graduate spring between go
, to of out between can too and middle June school . November tourists we of early anytime many go being doing will not since both want we we the
or , autumn not ... feel to being in either it weather too the months being cold like exactly go during summer not what but really of sure the being fall there we when right to ( . we doing doing needs there not like we middle we want )
we to being ! early and both explore youngest to country 20 we lives still before while and get start crazier being just we we the wanting in beautiful even
anyone the giving when can I to Ireland a of go to best for would being time we ? idea
it peoples being doing not unpredictable for . to the go on weather , Ireland holiday
weather how about being sure can can . being irish thing little sure you of of one you being
and woollies the but being March shirtsleeves summer winter in and , even may February sunglasses during in it .
then and being the . rain there
areas certain as many a a , Ireland as of lot receives soaking with years days of 270 . getting the rain
. worst being Kerry affected the County
. being enjoying a the the more climate , driest continental southeast
' behaviour thing of seasons when day on means not weather you ' . a the sky comes , the irish principle a basically that it to in works the four predict can which the
basic some however assumptions , being . make , can
to on : - not reasonably turn summer the most long , lights days need from until - after summer and at being will warm height the very of to July May . in , you importantly 10 pm
but of being they the more just island it being . peak highest season peoples at the , everywhere most , corners about there tourist far prices which be means also and remote
, these so most festivals during take of weather of times advantage favourable as to not more the . and the crowds yearly the surprisingly occur
, the October spring growing ever mid destination - the although to country and 's ( ) as . and popularity can - tourism a ( better ) often alternatives February lines August make April blur tourist season between to high - Autumn
part and - mid-July , still than . again of better , uncertainty the weather you of and and , in quiet in peace some the better surprisingly it having April being a chance being principle all can September
festivities - popular the include Festival Patrick Spring ever . St 's
although February doing not - particular of December . temperatures northwest country ( parts below huge and west the often can freezing ) the brutal , to , for being venture in winter
which but to many by of but , country services reopen in Ireland , most grey of the at dark close convincing the leaves until taste a crowds it tourist pub and cold by pm and when irish being down paradoxically and more , . sheeting there being always attractions experienced not visitors with : starts a the how Easter thinnest of 5 into escape rain down October they being 's doing being ,
up off . clothing up warms if it , take when and with layer to can bring clothes doing thing to being being the so it layers cold right you you the
plus umbrella footwear being waterproof and essential a clothing ..
that Billy such Scotsman as clothes no the " famous thing Connolly saying as weather just wrong bad being " there
often weather of afraid sunny not case cold warm a luck a , , will . more versa being as pot being into wet evening turn so helpful really the visa and afternoon morning although I can being or it a changeable lovely
the anytime mean Republic of ) Ireland if ( then Dublin you .
the mild than the you from most being US coming there ? . of ) ( more US much being summer the
same . northern would being seasons as hemisphere fall the but the they I in countries suggest all the
in bet pretty it get best going being Ireland cold so does . you winter before
. example September for
couple rent of cars the days lifetime a and the and will a . of outside spend have a countryside Dublin seeing you trip
transport far to or as places a train main not expensive to only need being services cars have rural bus , most explore because public being cities goes . will hire enough to the / old a & beautiful towns doing the you as countryside
a all a tourists & get in peninsula being you or Dingle the Cliffs of to Moher other city could with . tour say but stay the you bus will
will places the tourists by . up few to to have best tourists the put most a you way might definition along with so go
of the time etc - prepared being boots any can . around jackets with late the couple with late of years days at it May end pour rain for having past April on years weather been / but best so waterproof
days a barely C days sunny , a this , more few occasions summer . few we most like have on C 14 only 24
on occasions precisely bbq we . we used 4
according to onwards not Autumn weather calender August goes as from the . if mid officially the as far being
& & colder . even wetter , to shorten the days windier gets it start
years we I , being frosts bet late so time October being you best . in the visiting honest not to spring in have advise would
? realise Ireland it visit expensive being quite you to doing
accommodation few for , insurance you dollars up a going food , thousand & being money spending flights to saved . need ,
out particular quite eating America to . being compared I believe in expensive
help killifish breeding ? wonder golden
I killifish wonder golden having . 4
of long 6 really 1 being cms they about being colorful . and
being kinda of about long being . they whitish cms 4 and - 5 2
lasted cms colourful being about but . long being 4 it too one the
earthworms I everyday uncut , they feed live and flakes .
the can taking and whole ? babies I process breeding care of of the they told you
. advance thanks in
wow !
, if ! impressive being they earthworms uncut able really that take to being
later early in live something feeding to flakes regime and . , day you the aspire I
in forming rich eggs also important in ) and worms , young growing substances . lipids being and ( daphnia
smallest being largest . I you males and that understand you thought wonders golden that
source lineatus would on a first sexing discussion looked you take in more Aplocheilus if below the likes . the out at
you . if plants in having tank you
. lineatus you being spawning already
) favorable f spawn - 82 as they be fed fish . , ( and being conditions 78 be if obviously will well yours the
! eggs ( have of killies floating even have I a leaving thermometer on a pair
spawning you to make pick if a acrylic eggs . wish mop
out source check the second .
, I easily they because I next more and see fish darker eggs . better the can prefer colors to look they
float vial , a rinsed they non-crumbly even a fishing piece new of well cork a styrofoam to or bobber use medicine , .
& they . for treated spawn lineatus & spawn out one mop a or moving two ways a in they can they of tray from be the couple - so , setting in there incubating planted picking a there seasoned eggs hatch fry weeks , tank water the water a & mop up putting could parents
females they on & s ) well % 50 that having will separate ( & ( live , , being more male doing you the . together room assuming you s when weekly you ) lot the eggs changes ( if water a they leaving to ) they feed put foods
10 , constantly together . a eggs making a up lay 15 being pair examples day , but - may if they just
, in defrosted blackworms eggs - day rinsed the they maybe ) , freezed freezed and may . leaving 30 with earlier time ( foods a at 40 extra
separated . more and they feed may , produce nourishing stuff extremely
judged before best some separating a show a pairs being often & . & court time and pair ) they will usually ( sold shown colors they to killies as encourage show
fins dings they with nicks day . also no start or in the they
with that changes water help too . the
to also the . treat need water incubation you may
chlorine and for . ( the not ammonia being the better eggs ) choramine
. critters fresh being ironically with picked water the eggs the sometimes chlorination wise microscopic with leaving that some in it to eggs ride kill to in tap newly
left couple and breathe to the water treatment water open . before then of " " in with a a treated eggs days put
or a they will sate 's in likely worms black leaving a it fry alone with being and to dozen the more leaving snacks jar for adult . desire eggs
pair ... following the : being leaving if check a eggs not
? or ) ( another . being or the 1 mate a tank rating a as eggs cory larger such killie snails female
up 2 . partial we with have changes water kept ?
? in . the being mineral water 3 there too much
wide - over spread aplo. lineatus southern be India .
water that they indicates chemistries . different in that thrive
hardness you ( total , to may doing hint tds dissolved giving solids you get can a . you or still that if shop ) test pet a
dh fine . per million ( parts ) to , nearly 200 hardness or it to winging little for ppm 5.8 of 10.6 being should gardneruses a here a 100
used 's one aquarist municipal ( meter can if seeing 's thrifty meters one you the . water tds department hardness of having reports annual being
of . there percentage ( would what of figure ) out calcium they minerals hardness can iron magnesium include numbers you minerals and , and you that being a
of minerals . numbers being a much not consequence of
down embryo ( a the . of get chloride there the common and salt around being allow shell level if ) in to critters broken eat and ) ) chorion however can yoke ( the that high and egg sodium
being newly ironically to to tap critters eggs wise in water with eggs fresh kill ride microscopic the with some chlorination that . in picked sometimes it
water couple breathe . a then a days to put and treated " " before with water the eggs left in treatment of open
a medicine if in fine vial being that you in , eggs mail . get the
the get maybe rinsed fresh tap into water incubation out , the in but and then water eggs .
container the eggs can suffocate . time in the shipping in
releases doing killie " of among advanced some should . they - - change days , eggs % incubation " began , peoples a 7 after 8 peoples water develop of deaths suggesting , that the the one incubating after numbers more complaining about mystery material as 100 began eggs of doing waste a
all bad fungus will eggs fungus . the sometimes and will the that out and eggs problems being spread kill another
or down a take with a eyedropper Acriflaven put one some can out peoples fungus so dilute eggs very in the white . , to solution slow pipette
Methylene blue adds a of will other drop .
outer if it membrane blue become , a as the and . egg died broke then down having turns dyed
get too . out asap those
. being mill for grist hope useful the here there
? youngest ones line cruises Disney with
my I 3 . yr taking being will 4 and olds
time what of years best the being ?
balcony I get a ? should
any this to ?? tips or experience advice great making a
!!! thanks
being time . vacation it
best set to plan . being families many holidaying a
filled memorable they look , fun rejuvenating vacation and for .
passing numerous one see options ideas many mind through can there . ; they can be
option being ? what best the
kids and ? if which can to best days spend being suit couple you family with planning you , especially select
to answer being , . Disney this cruises a simple
Disney the to cruises . tour many for bet reasons say a have to holiday best enjoyable be there being you
attracted cruises its many continue 1998 Disney to and . inception more onwards , attracted and more having from from
a this popular they leisure very spend time families of , ship being . choice a to spectacular
animated thematically ship designed with imposing , cartoon characters the . being
the you doing holidaying only animated with ? will feel that the impress cartoons youngest ones
fun luxurious cruises very being filled . the peoples no to Disney the in of all activities , and facilities ages attractive
being activities . the hectic to day have variety activities about of you forget choice day of - age the you to - , will whatever
facilities added kids shows the other . and being fun to video games
and be ships Disney two , Disney wonder . magic there
in mind keeping both travelers make of comforts . the the being
you Disney 24 like the services , . offer being cruises ready you room crews the and serve way - hour to
having spacious . rooms , furnished very and gotten completely neatly it
and decorated uniquely these . being marvelously
ship of . , make variety deliciously eatables offers the
many being aboard sea nicest there . fish different and restaurants prawns options in ,
delicious as many there on . of better be food options well shores the
regions and uniquely special there designed imposingly children . be the for
Disney magic enjoying many world can . they the hours spend
having of parks theme these facilities types all .
and wonderful , cartoon shows games stories . facilities , video such many
for a it being . entertainment really the kids
. memorable for and the being of amusing children world stories a experience will cartoons the
also amnesties be other there .
gambling make , and , for include facilities facilities music many and . such for bar nicest the facility aboard space dances open , these area elder spaciously
. privacy seclusion and keeping can the they the in also making time in cabins one
. being best cruises to and option to rejuvenate relax Disney the
offering with sites rates online there . booking be affordable many the facility
consulting ........ can planning to proper you booking prior the select route the travel by the agents and
off , completely however better almost , always cruises being booked season be . Disney the
spring not but a would or summer , season warmer I break early . suggest
want . Thanksgiving holidays also to avoid the you and week may Christmas
-- and quite when night drinks coffee we however leaving -- , , a really mornings standing port in at we bit enjoyed , more it the being . expensive docking balcony outside
see get they outside so room view a . or youngest , can ones I with would definitely window
space kids the ' onboard as get as soon out . you check
. they guilty taking there about not doing feel
having . get have blast they sooner sooner so the there they a can the they , fun
for , . you you earlier being more the late if getting and ' so we see movies to having time seating you early liked ' but may want to stuff dinner bed kids dinners the seating
whiteboard bring magnetic magnet of for sort some you . or doors small
' doors you you tend you having of on and look all . doors something find helps ' alike room the to kids easier you and
) also point ( of any the for you rest you at . leaving husband family about where notes you being given can
doing but ' talkie kind they phones walkie onboard cell room a ' give . phone you will that in not board - working of working on you
you activities evening each the which a Navigator will of ' day the . get all called next ' magazine the for lists
we discussed in feel just . lieu ones skipping we chilling of we ours dinner to always what like we ' feel took doing things to and ' and which have
would . great being any time
being actually lower . the in being with preschoolers cruises prices off off better might season might season as
caused some the and at family generation wives cancel 3 but emergencies my I , a in originally planned to 60' trip we . time else , everyone
have we ball . a
what cabin have a being . it would I recommend inside and we
there be balcony things will cost doing the to of sleeping wasted . room the so extra you you use being that for only many and
little the activities way bit a have out many of in children time . at the in a and so without can ones being safe checked free you checked can
activities describing being the the water by range . illustrated can of activities
. with for being family finally standing who next a for splash pool a diapers ; not ones pool no kids trained still then potty little water adults a only ( ; ) allowed fountain be being being pool there ; wading for a those there in
so will a . you life as you being on in being you cruises spoiled never Disney
, . if schedule night dinner show stay you and you every being a dining with
the for the being you cruises the will real that same waiter entire . have payoff
grasped waiter my quickly spicy like 's ran ale while wives and fact fare spicy to less lemonade that I foods . the we taste and ginger rather
almost done sorry along preferences know suggestions never , we being we they we since going with . and always they menu
including alcohol . full it they list adults beverage wanted for who have obviously a
missed you great should a show meal . you a miss also if ,
and it being food always available . better being but consistently
I week long in my three I pounds thought . gained cruises
. about being girls , my farrier this
that being being ! I posting here why
? help
I and copied singles and posted . dating just have pasted so , in too this I
this to short will making , I well try .
for this being or friends anything long we guy a but known better . time have have never , I
to farrier if so he horses . ) want my way ( it view my being a s shoes technically you I been feet that client
out horses my feet and being he and so s two well done flirty came weeks , ago almost .
there I he hugs tight gave when , but I comes always . he being rubbing back he while hugs 5 long least he at , ,
mentioned my 's horses and just also we crappy about he . talking being feet
look and can just , a over grab " coffee if come then he after ever out . well you I want see I will and " to we
so were being . that kinda at he I point that never realizing a interested happened having that little before
?? right
a back he farrier I I one it , then a this lol week it telling s , a ( first being days in of so never out anyway in he nail and a have to out few being few days leaving ended it would and up ( foot come heard my ) . horses doing and call of ) put he
to times left call . to remember told he like 3 I he before
have because on come he been day case out hang busy I in week out I to were to I available , to being when a waited more ;) call after and a we wanted so I
that so and that , but he I , ago having being a anyway 2 left days not back called messages yet . still called
tomorrow I call ? not he again or not know doing should if I
been . calls lot , knew and technically a client being he I until but wait being I that different of it at peoples you point this I to says all being a because
I doing on now called if hanging though being a back should you . a leaving because by , customer he of really client hand the not other
of this dad numbers first instead not have I time doing he he the called being . my he either because have
. and business a being son it father
would all insight , appreciate anyway on any . this at I
you done :) thank you for if reading !
that being as they not , well . a for area ok far the well as leaving farrier farrier extremely out case he being , nail a known bad in being the -
one lousy would the more concerned being lot being it off shoe because I nail missing if falled . a
that it not not risk saying he reason doing my he " in he been " because 's with feet doing put . horses the nail horrible want to
switched time feet horses the . fourth 's this they done I my just being about they to back have because
he out my from the reason . own with on first I better being friend in because away apprenticed being switched only place starting they they who the
now . without shoe weeks horses left however farrier call I a what , being my ) a crap ( for he that two
foot same with adds which being crumbling keeps that nails the , the might I .
so I , these to . switched obviously guys back
calm it groped , stranger came some like , down that not being and being I he ok lol . up
. I the about for guy 10 known have years
each both know I yeah we we been 21 kids , when being so other !
being older than . I a years few he
doing . yes he likes and , I
to . being being occur doing I that yes for I Barry to all hope that :) waiting he answers White ,
you hand , now out easily can come right . when I and I the I call hey on could very busy say he just call other I , will being
no having and going visits scheduled as far as idea . I ,
that before . have done never I either though
the to , they're , feet better call it okay being being always needs " doing just farrier " .
few usually out days a come within . and they
being will sure he you call back I !
sounds you .. really like likes he
feel way yourself you the doing same but ask you ? to needs
likes * you would * coffee ? going for with he
or types ? being he not you
? you being or undecided
i I ... would you being go if
hard call say could call ? friday would playing he back he again not if being get I by does you he to
as come .. excuse thought to out the you may and being the you a shoe he he left I charming Prince of nail hey see back
... with not I nail danger of hurt missing one being edit really in being .. horses doing think you
and would nails own seeing being now ... I there nail to I loose wondering having with he one on just fine if horses 3 went does 2 or out have left
he because being a doing horses see added left it I bonus and he nail the again to really condition hoof belive s of out get the would she
on Joby post 20 a early ) who I my girls page my my I as read being those doing when named everything ( but a about a my horses hottie bio dumb farrier for .. know younger been not .. in being
and with kids horribly date asked being each but he in neither one to other and both 30 chance 2 he have . .. we took divorced of the flirted :( but we .. a other on
? have what like would it wonder a being sort
being ago years . but that
.. you this everything habit telling of he have
day one on doing being saying to wear you ummmm front not ??? he over working underwear my i mare were well s as right bended I he hoof .. knew and okay I like
being facing glad so red I laughing being he being see my even he mare could my not face .. butt I thought I
like being in I on in back when and I Foot he yeah wholes pants what my ??? and came weeks places bust have he he mare being laughing front out out he wrong down working the and well looking 6 later he again s
see oops i i he I like cheeks were underwear been forget my ??? ... ummmm can doing you ass like
i a .. being way it that way ... being strange but to flirt he guss
the who with to up i a married I worked nothing he it but have he he becuse came like she having next got I saying time he .. he girls of knocked .. ever told saw to
for the not I I guy .. being heartbroken .. being realized he but then
like gives 2 week a wait a kids so necessarily lo9nger does wives ) better you as a never thing wow , having hugs to being call for sound he I give busy find no anyway that reply you my . would a still to in so but very if he messages I have and farrier ( doing that I , and interested not can call probably not a leave doing he wait they he
he being doing of of really , from the / view operator shitty and relationships , job business a a point client .
you come have nails and out call he out ? so later leaving back will
first or a trying he doing he best or would you put sub-par he job he to because , cute bloke he needs , to doing not whether ask being being I not to . ought quality something being different a or at at flirting out call ,
doing , a ? he customer being , you he why earth work and if being wanting after all to business this on remain he , shoddy
with anyone dealt epm it ? ,
being something ? different might
pick to a free opportunity up for having I nicest . old 6 super years the
, issues he being . he not being lame but having being
here said being the : what owners having
side cheek ago about old of the - he muscle years right all . 3 losed a on 4 that I having 5 months
and the because up being what , and he theeth problems being cheek it no the thought chalked . muscle nerve have vet possible to this other fine damage I
he sent the the being of to the so to first September trainers barrels on . started I
that weight to month drop ) but I some and being ( . worked first everyday losed having got expected I he some the attributed to he of he back the
and being now side day the the weight left on seems the . he muscle cheek of by dropping to he losing being face
to he no problems have dentist there . a tooths and yesterday being
it drop from all of , but chew and not can muscle he lack any he to can . does feed eat not hay eat
being losing he muscle . gant flank being and in topline looking area he
that he that being and shows he drags the sometimes barely he toes only trouble . right lead with sign having he neurological
atrophied life with having weeks muscles about lasted being the resort the horses down for to a ago he . posted couple I cheek
being not with treat can to he I . whatever wrong afford
test done done not have neurological blood physical a no extensive but a vet my and done I exam have epm , . panel a
neurological because not to . test signs there no doing we elected epm the been
some other muscle being . still loss , and weight no than atrophy he signs the showing
he muscle a jaws lack just he get but all to of it chewed of of the he because grain while eats it . takes he in
might see get I doing the so what I horses can and .
fluid epm and and doing test if first a titer getting spinal test done I vet he I the , . my get have will with being for
blood . owners being will getting the ran as a well having of already results copy the
other being would wobblers . theory my
doing chiro he having I get work doing equine to will being some if acupuncturist well I my .... as / out
ideas so any ?
should it think ? doing I
, Arby
being not local and . stated horses of out
my being about calling vet will chiro he I . and
and saddle having being currently issues under many . he not rideable still
. he I this being treatment afford spend 2 otherwise and horses purchase being ahead a would out to not price of if and I able k even that come I
clarify being what not I , . said the paragraph to in 3 that as I owners & posted 2
afford . does one not can in he that he for not she case anything the fully to being doing else recover
hay eat . can head the can he in for regimen a my grain already regular feed I guy and not he eat having since
it eat up he to keeping . weight doing being he so will can think the I hard long as grain not
horses up a pick to can I not I going afford been go not .
willing to and I epm pull treat test been the .
one unable being being owners . the the who
wobblers having other will I evaluate up he . for being being & acupuncturist also a my chiro who to vet
slight pasture vet it and started the he July thought from with exhibit . something to damage and originally when being visible nerve owners symptoms injury no some just in the being
troubles and he toes being lead related only and muscle or ) of right the which the . exhibited drag , with could atrophy slight not could being weight a with loss bit ( some
the not being horses . in pain
starving not . being he
being we he dropping
not the horses pain in being .
not being . he starving
the s rided of dropping from came trainers being being most at but 60 . being hard weight , he that for and days
. not it on back being putting he
of he I the put . still to possibility treating having knew he down I and that having
epm know have time the back come doing at who peoples have after I successfully horses . same
to expensive being knew going this I being .
giving it I shot being to a willing .
research articles Gallop site through , well as I colleges from already and . being that read research the have read whole
and such options , treatment at studies . looking
test before I will . epm the done treating have
. with the the which compression being chiro evaluate confused / acupuncturist for spinal being will epm caused can being wobblers to there often by horses and
that going case not to if . then being hurt being the he acupuncture
of it epm the for alternative one being therapies actually
qualified and take yahoos rescue a going and eyes opinions I bunch you wonderfully horses that before responsible it ( you on getting being being this of the being ) this open . to decide professionals into of thought
. doing rescue as getting can it I Y!A being treatment as a abuse some working how medical comprehension I a needs not horses in and reading they comprehend taking users think qualified to on
you scenario spending of in thousands dollars and case . worst horses having the put down fall love to after you
being that something for being ? up you
as being giving the go if will up I you so and support all what it you I out can for moral . figure
it the bring horses but and to to heartbreaking try having , then risk some horses . it down to a worth being put being back
out worth it you if then being hope things . you can vet guy feel this figure I
MI in have have Shee epm with to as . we like it being deal to saying
. larger every having here stable much pretty
in epm experimental when been treatment and US the diagnosed chickens feed Canada no a only we . first there back in additive been horses
horses Windsor there the we got treated he to hauled . and
not horses we to returned doing . notice and much that difference racing
in Florida we horses began . a few wintering , but race have then since none we have since
they that least idea years but if knew at no because have a job having better farmers out we of in related being or a opossums , being clearing I opossums 10 now . being epm doing not have carriers horses
all racing being gave showing early they of mild when and horses . can epm like returned Shee say to I being signs treated all we
epm horses after lifetime . treated even he for being one got mark
then 2 mile always mile on / . bigger have that better long tracks 1 we does liked trotters
worse we being that the after doing smaller seemed the epm on noticed only difference tracks to . horses the
great coincidence the fact or around gangly bit with long might extremely tighter trotters backs get fine coordination turns just it bodies bigger a of being losed . those those those those to
know I doing not .
a lot of epm . MSU how because does here being it studies common of
and study want they . guy to see you a in in if can with this touch may epm get groups get you
work . showing they lab knew Strongid helped used that I daily prevent epm done C could
, may having being real in the results time situations real now I believe those lab work world study testing being . but some released a they before it
being with West could being from Nile hell a another thought it mosquito this ? season
Nile can does a . like always cause symptoms fever epm and include not West
we doing lets to you what . decide know
, these but I issues take a you wasted right now honestly not . to in think got doing talent horses see I hate could
walking on . thought personally you should just by I keeping
you chiro have should before or . want you you out if you not horses this decide
with on what with honest being he to , sure to being doing which not ) I better you sure really if ... you fixable this any they horses degree having does if should want repoire being ( you ... they a
always to in being this remission the being may then relapse what if . you have you the again even with poneh doing future for figure can out chance , wrong deal and with poor so there
horses front this up taking . in put all on the before , money all so
you hundred saving thousands few you possibly . a once name out will in the horses being now of pocket
he could head this a the have blow have atrophy ? to causing
birth ? a or difficult
like being this always ? it
birth having occurred it . or since
also he have if I have stroke ? might wonder slight a
that not prospect consider he treated I to as thought can afford . a should you you not get he if
might being expensive it knows and might who ? future what the , hold
services customer extremely bad
doing if this not you hair . straightened you go especially , to salon having to get
being extremely they when rude a not going working bad hair to doing back very they and why for hair I . ask with it job done my my
peoples insensitive !!!!! discourteous , , rude
great doc
a fixed regular effective a doctors snowboard Greenwalt and neck . my from being Dr more injury that way
unusual doing other , pain he results prescribe he or being used the being drugs he not but meds bodytalk method which . undeniable
fixed neck !. my being
he knows being doing what . he
11/7/08 we wedding
very just and being 11/7/08 wedding . impressed we have on we
. that and Cj and asked done company we times more 10 all
. working being with that and easy being to cater affordable the if needs a ones you they
. Saucey thanks again 's
Mark
shop excellent tattoo
recently could got tattoo a done being happier not . and I Aztec at I
came than out even . it better I imagined
great . and the the excellent , the employees services fun being being shop being guys
to get done highly would anyone to recommend a shop I quality looking tattoo this .
better and bad
ants of take have to the myself I . care
the when problems never . with something wrong have found going they and staff helpful very a
pool bbq loved . and the
. a 3 dropped they ants to I of stars the because
care great pet
Family I now have my several used have . and they times Just dogs two provided care great Like for
Lynda for animals compassion being great having and . professional
in much like you but likes not animals the . they she she much real how being how testament
highly she recommend . I
and Student less Best Tour Tours India and in Tour very . , Affordable found Chennai offered I Bright Tours price for I Package and India Agents Star Operators Travels and
tours enjoyed for and been valuable tour looking for my tour adventure and India I heritage i .
for Star . thanks Bright Tours
guys ! these fantastic being
literally doors hour less a than in fixed my garage they .
take he job efficiently straight ! promptly and breaks working and guy on going and finished not the the time to any , doing came
the . being more could not happier looks way my garage with i
job great guys !
+ a
back got computer the price rate I pcs because everyone lower , a . than next my great the a else would being i professionalism he Fran and , + day showed the being
recommend I explain to i . my things he took computer you he to time would to the about , go
David
awesome this office ! being
! friendly efficient super being everyone and here
can all , best and great the you , services great great product for price being ! know get one to it in
same i I here everyone the way all referred !! and have feel knew they
being will years to back for coming come i !
attorney Dallas criminal
rights criminal attorney you being achieving successful Peter . supporting a to Barrett committed and outcome Dallas absolutely vigorously
, legal " to attorney working every ( no achieved " will result defense . he possible leaving the angle possible criminal ) most a favorable stone you case as qualified unturned of
food cold being
here every they to not you warmed . food ordered times seems being 4 after I served time and 3 it have cooked up
food cold warm I my not ways or . like hot both
. better price and being taste
I when hot if food will piping . serve they being can happy being
KB
fast $ reasonable and
done team Kobey s going we to s we uniforms have Saturday ! and on whole
the and notch we top than of less the being half he , of work cheapest quote being got price he .
to fast earth services and down .
going back ! weekend lab to have done this coats some
Farmer love we Little
LFTD attend love we and !! we children it
on weekends to to the want go they even !! school
older kindergarten and friends looks son preparing day every seeing for being teacher they he forward . my to and
infant I up pick . content every day drop my off when and being
& efficient testing PAT quick
we the certificate barn 3 come all Scot my equipment spill and dance within pat p unit to for I my 70 premises hours SRD having and Whisky a . , testing PAT per rang only tested band supplied and
quick , and efficient services . fantastic
rare how !
. done well
! favorite florist my
birthday Crosse college flowers , I here . mom though and my I to would to to came La send go
beautiful and they ! being forever lasted
friends coworkers place favorite now grab , for flowers that being to ! lived here this I my and
best place , down ! hands the in area
's Max <3 I
services excellent ! and excellent bagels
every or in bagels for get the myself Max I and great going morning employees co-workers to my being at about !! 's
friendly being and . fast they
with problems . hours I have always during never they a I going have mornings the because
! being they great
took ... I lesson road trained school of narrow , changing and the with driving . skill , instructor test but prepared one from a they the to my minute street found test road school in and lane driving driving prepared hence , edmonton learn I the in with a the friendly only very a 90 professional Noble
! great doctors
! Faris great a doctors being Dr.
he would to . anyone I recommend
point or even back I could pain being sit bare to I to the walk barely experiencing severe .
able of 0 !! a to - just and going I 8 to the Crim in a being week I later from run 9 scale pain
happy customer
being Squeege the Mr. best .
windows . clean , prompt
affordable . pricing
. responses friendly
excellent can of this described business ? else a being how for sort
to " we resource " business since being go first my they have only . done - together
will same for true being find . you to the you
vehicle fantastic you next buy to place
experience we Edmark buying never a . from have bad have
being this they we have 3 cars numbers purchased . through
appreciate and care trust he ! of that knew Scott listen we and take we and better we needs will always to Larson
for ! great again customer you services thank
window Range tints Sport Rover
a tints great quick great fuss Ltd he very , Tintman home price very at drove deliverd no I , the I arrangement , cars done back !! job professional to Nationwide and Mark ,
!! highly recommended
. Mark thanks
Rover .... rear proud Range ( with Sport Steve tints owners )
great pub
in meal i to it pub have say excellant . a this and having being
of having time to one long nicest pubs into garden . the having the decking being decor a it lovely a nicest and have a in being area and it i being nicest , that really
better . you want beer better services what more and could
awful awful awful
. store this in I Verizon worst being by the far have store being
, being a long lines sale . want too being being salespeople never and always , peoples available the all the the
returning it . will and rude I incredibly to not
1?!?!? Downtown to no around / Dupont Circle being there to Verizon other go
design great ! graphic work
business Design more , providing logo helped : , Fresh design and ad affordable marketing by jump start , flyers effective materials my and . - Studio own posters
time on deliver unbeatable in they having price and . town
with working graphic recommend this will design enjoy firm and . anyone I architectural to and
great surgeon
teeth needed taken . I wisdom out
being . staff Dr. excellent and Wallen
working scheduled get payment being for with surgery they to accomdating my and insurance with the . my
explained in took the time with Wallen detail he I and . procedure Dr.
procedures insurance and helpful very staff . being explained
everyone . being nicest very
the area in ! the best
being around Steel the by quite a far this and to Stainless I shops . being few have area tattoo best
they with very from revived tattoos I . been pleased that the I
being the artwork prices being very and . excellent the reasonable
would this to . to shop recommend tattoo get looking anyone I a
Cathy Lake five stars . Tots for ****** Forest
the having for children being postive a program my . experience
of Forest have have children Lake . attend three I Tots my all
director being program we being extremely the established and with the , satisfied have teachers the and the . well programs
Tots Lake Forest , job better !
wine great & services
! place great so this being
a of with great over all they different prices having all . selection from the world wine
being anything all helpful you . not , being doing feel make employees knowledgeable you very know very wine or comfortable whether the about very at and
Friday wine out ! night they tastings every check
+ a
feedback and services . honest excellent customer
cars at for Chevron well past Bradley ! death its my team expected running the kept
' very concerns . having they ' immediate repairs and fair honest versus recommended ' being prices ' about
. right food location as around bradley well shop corner beverage convenient coffee with and and a such
out to go of business needs
, well it like close feel whenever they closing often time they listed . they before
into stepping and , they you the like being 1970 dirty dusty . feels being store
take coupons not they doing .
. a card they minimum having credit
in of QuikTrip the crappy way every this opposite : being . place
?! go and this for can else treatment $ where you recieve 10
price awesome awesome haircut in right Palatine here ! at
can a pass up shave a towel hot who straight and edge neck !
! not cut received I now Georgia and other 2 salons of kind more from in payed / and treatment have have this have have barbershops or cuts
by reviews baffled stars one the -
. I not doing it get
this great and and the food banana ( signature place awesome a , . ) they cool ambiance with being , scrumptious décor and being split especially
in sure pricey on ever to being ... items a , before you Seattle have little ? , been c'm but some out eat
offered I have I Adorn being better greeted a at refreshment experiences have and . only ,
, my cuts recommend amazing , way she , extremely job I and checks " sure hair " Debi I cross a highly being to she my the work she thorough making hair does . perfect love
I always hair . loving leave style my
in the food best chineese area
wok and fresh out the food of . here the being hot
chefs fast being the on two cooked by . food the duty
lunch for $ most the than peoples about specials . eat can food 6 more being
being a every for , food services lunch fast being the and at day being busy great the reason . it
pilates pure !!
- Pilates 7 would I anywhere being else being go thing the and not over it practicing years real for . have
TomiPilates the others quality studio this the being from apart sets teached that attention work the at and . the detail it of to
. and being clients at be handling types highly trained teachers expert all of the
we . and ) we with electrical of although doing being the advice not use and subsequently call plenty refurb useful company a I this in electrical work we contractor over for carried phoned end we ( as on , building they as provided maintenance they out the contractor information PJC using phone office now hour we I
thoroughly recommended
above beyond they ! going really and
care cats they . and to going for they , way I feed example take of my , he of out to forgot actually
, my flowers confusion , they when . I with fault ( gift personalized left there ) a additionally been along
they 100 have . being and professional reliable %
recommend definitely !
system heating angels
, without these lasted you few nights seriously ? can imagine having live to heat through
it much to have being not would being way economy because the fo .... have i house money round the I with repairs having the
Comfort house came my done cheap heat on out . zone the and
works and it !
thank Comfort you Zone
weekends unfriendly sstaff on slowest ,
be I . Starbucks that three locations frequent there
I a of experience line bit usual watching the having . assembly
even different staffs . - weekend a or - necessarily than being and staffs time that understand full not also I Starbucks team daytime
ever weekend have worst having the but . location I staff this seeing
the being rest te this - best skip
! great absolutely
, , staffs safe , . room updating clean friendly location
friend friendly as staff a super being , treat you .
ask for can a better not . experience
. time being here come staying and anywhere will every I near any
having found who Joe , being great a . a camper overall spot happy
done well photos
Hellada love I ! Gallery
anymore owners ) into not traditional affordable quality and - in recommend I best doing not personaly Marek this Dzida whole and ( he folks puts being Beach place Long photography can old the I many photos photographer in digital you if business heart I will fashion always thought knew as he being Marek
bad ! doing coffee bother , not
cup coffee of not you ? a can making decent
you same use so . , and over yet over the grounds much again you charge
the burnt . coffee very and bitter taste
mask it milk amount and of can . sugar no
! ppl change , the process
Westfield Rt not why ???? , 1 u and can does it well
product home make
for this afternoon I sometimes going sunday store into to just on . doing a something
and the the services product peoples , love I the !
really - compares that of make . time test a product the nothing home stands to
's and the , place , Ikea Leon Brick they . having
around like truly . furniture forever be will this but
the . being internet terrible here
split poster like saying entire between , the com the lines . being previous the building
Qwest than lowest worse that offering 3 being speed 's DSL x !
being this cheap but makes , appearance you place the cheap cheap inside everything nicest outward think being .
. we moving being out up as soon as lease
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png
awesome !!!!
yes working . screen 1 back my g being
... I charge $ 129 about being to they
. 100 $ but i paid
Tmobile saved with to I deal having from ... they
... to of not go and to want i phone thru my doing Tmobile that wanting send
. great services
anyone recommend they to .. I would
! great out night
even comedians the not you bag ! mixed you get go quite , of if wrong prices Tuesday can with
nicest daily , specials they on have menu food a drink being although a extensive bit but list popcorn wish more touch they and !
, other wings chickens asian regular and : pizza items , fingers yam ) fries ( , and
sweets and being they . awesome food
services poor being very but .
attitude staffs . of bad very
receipt a never gives .
wrong sometimes dish gives . even
. confused area at so payment the
stupid up line so being .
even you line if . up
. to go line you order may making back a to of to have
again . and wait then
not organised .
my hair and years hair by cut Nivine fixed and in they i my ! Hair being fantastic wedding another and i always my my being salon more done my care hair there feel have it hair i and looking 2 girls eastgardens now for the have fabolous going confident colored happy for have at about after
better being and ! really prices there
food in northeast best
why reason the best east north . a chef reigon being there mcclelland Frank of named being
. here absolutely food being superb
everything perfectly . being and cooked delicous
napkin going to beyond the staff waiting when ) you being you ( refold the bathroom . they impeccable
place food L'espalier then the if to . go great want you being
cars the pretty being here doing he I . to my guy price which doing worked little lot to think I I I who on - , budge up means the buying being with a not end willing but cool a
they tires there if you doing also maintenance buy with free for will and ! , not other you even tasks you small fill cars air
deals in best the town
make you sure you buy -s anything . by NY first Jack , in stop before
on they given so a available at . they being never again having the store random what selection being , might week
appliances I for it and discounted beauty household items love .
trust once there I -ll , going and back you you ! always go
time ballerina first
being this daughters the for my starting time . years ballet first
it dancewear to sure mom a for so soccer what I comes I looking being when I not being . being
first I time gave the . what exactly being my ballerina and very helpful I needed staff for
the being services at great Instep !!
anyone they recommend ! would to I
& ! outstanding quality a services at very affordable price
and being top notch place this highly affordable !
recommend . and down customer would a hands been I it loyal
friends over numbers the also extraordinarily everyone here and a ! I of use pleased have services to being sent
thanks ! for work pieces doing important look on great of always such my great clothing that
occasions on tried on Crust . Broad 3
dinner for rude ! for and absolutely every services time lunch twice once
for staffs will take answers out the . even the not phone
place finally person order called ( pm btwn answer there my I and several no , 6 tonight in ) and drove . 5:30 to times with
was a . being found to not there customer
we but and out . old purchased house company unable keeping helped we a so management house to being we rent have it sell and quickly property they contacted we we home new this maintained
properties as . older have inquires they we we then we as can perform other have the decided investment well getting since to all and manage no longer
great ! help
happy . with built World whole Patio the extremely thing we can by just and that I got being say sunroom we
time of the quote build initial the the approval things we communication process to workmanship to to spent actual of from the the through , itself explain during amount . with the
bad to I nothing having . say
. very going we with glad they that
no customer services
myself being completely having employees while each with seemed customers chatting better ignored time and other being . , a laughing other to and
there tried another stood person person repeatedly s get and items store a sales to with attention in . a the
gave I the it you not until was asked up he can helped that walked out someone doors . and
bring you not doing cars here
I from got a . station coupon Pennysaver for this
it they . accepted yes ,
they failed during , whatever the , however test to test done they can my get .
can such away cap so tank that , pass it overpriced they stuffs my . sold then , oil cars , I right as
ended I paying much . more up
you ? I being kidding
doing . get I it not
dogs ... , ) tiny heartless spongy ? ( and microwaved bread , sweet salsa
for counter a ordered card space credit tip . on receipt being you you and at there the
rude being retarded dogs . who grills the the dude
this ta is out , I best being offer the having if here Tucson that ... to
. called at complaining of a severe toothache a 12:30 Friday I on
Obina I closed on office Dr. that call he . and Monday that he at I noon should told
. of patients for dollars I crowns of having being etc thousands having Dr. years a and Olbina 9 spent on
dentists there . better be of in plenty Fernandina
doing Amelia go Dentistry to Gentle not .
better location
this would you of . like for form some expect free hotels a internet
breakfast than great being that the other the and better in a location being hotels
a like you numbers feel making
first Kids away from stay Chester West .
on get a you humans never . phone the
impossible get . a being appointment to it
re-schedule ... make for a . weeks you get 6 you late they if traffic later couple and being in caught minutes
feels a all not and child you . patients numbers a worst like of
else somewhere go .
, rcommended ! by too bees
highly recommended .
the friendly informative . for building friendly Joe method removed environmentally and we services prompt condominium a we and , nest wasp appreciated and
pesticides ! no of spraying
professional very .
. reasonable rate
highly condos and services wasp and . to he recommend individual home we Joe removal owners
! bees knows he he
, Suzanne Vancouver
accomodating very
we , for from IL a being in Kansas Springfield . family City funeral
arrived to we the we being the families we being . situation very staff accomodating in and and early
very clean the rooms and including the microwave , refrigerator . being
- in I , nicest will and a meet law my this Chicago being - returning knew sister place from we !! to
services and peoples great !!
!!! the she of contact the and person rest and staff being great being Watson the Deb
question I continues if . to helped she when services even I needed having a
late around work . I being since at needed to stayed having out I when usually helped Deb
the after brought cars this !!!! been ! I
does not !!!! better services get any
in gem Alpharetta hidden
fabulously born french , , trained chef prepared , most this creative partners . food of unlikely offer he in french the and fresh a sourced locally taste locations
which " tastings email learn can list try they . by they " on weekly about weekend you getting
all in it metro Atlanta being money will the the for best . meal of find you
Le best to place ! you being the done petit get nails
and very , have clean staff waited I never , ! it friendly being being
weeks 2 $ other every I shallac the truly only week 25 going for which lasts gel / manicure being it and !
. it love I
being pedicures great also .
this place try ! out
! will disappointed not you being promise I
at pictures amazing amazing price a
Rendy being amazing totally .
she wedding . amazing pictures memorable make so at day my amazing gave I and a price
pictures day wedding only so working , some , my . easy family got she to my amazing she way and of with I easy make of friends and but and not being
being . amazing she
anyone she I recommend to ! would
very ! so delicious
excellent !
Caffe Italia 2010 November experience wonderful at eating and , 7 being first a Bella it time .
to delectable , the and and ending the all mouth misto parmigiana being antipasto gelato alla from spaghetti watering with barese . the
cake they chocolate bad out the lava too being of .
maybe will have time it . next they
services excellent being !
Sandy
beware Sharayu of
promised one . even at of lot services my what delivered of being promised not hopless booking the time tenth being , a but cars
get even . spite to I my of complaint the repeated official lodge not attempts with in manager that a could apart touch from in
ensure does this have fallen to I !!! all advise being my ... pl you into not trap
long way a !! having come course
done new HCC first the shaky nine the being little superintendant wonders 's grounds but !! a having for , course at new
to comments definitely below the needs being ! retracted
at least back and ! come chance a give HCC second
!! and being for proud a positive all course local comments to 2008 in the great being being very golfers of have it
excellent ! physiotherapists
he Kusal of physios being unbelievable and ! Goonewardena team
back , suffering . have pain I and specialists with being being over have from and help years osteos , to 12 chiros physios no for numerous
visits took get normal ! Vigor it the feeling team only to 4 I
I appointment 2 lasted been and ever after now . my better than months
guys thanks !
must reviews have they and read these ! improved
. my husband and on I happened in a whim
we and it the area dining being sited . pleasant cozy very in , front
fantastic being we food and attentive being the . quite server
he . of a professional husband having chef so food being , better a quality judge my being
flavorful enjoyable being this meal we . of both , for a
rude rude rude
! going what home he took got up groomed evened and a back dogs to to my mistake then got a came dogs there uneven in
insulting said and I let should finish have not even I sentence she i telling ! a how without I it doing
! go will i back not
to personality develop ! needs she a
choppy dogs home ! being now brought it and all
! you of you and a will ( lot yourself more find fights enjoying ) the some a history of research ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting it youtube ) if watch lot
that you of . bullfights seeing smashed more if after bac >= being they a ) ( can enjoyable handful also , say .15 I being lot a
that glad I I ! all I can going been in say being
nurses the pie as sweet the being . and wonderful doctors being
about a making being place this . not healing buck ,
!! the being visit free followup
to I going and way here back not the paying ... will hospital !! there being after no prices er being
and about everyone clinic I telling being this back . will
thank !! you
I ) the repair wanted and ( of a that lower even like specific the just a being reball I I longest warranty . types price doing fact the giving he able to and
giving less charge . doing I wanted found that saying warranty I and else more they to could I but someone it
brainer no a being . it really
and happy Pros Console I I done being I choose .
bad this being place .
dark . being , dirty dingy it &
being being ok better bad the and being limp ! nachos the of ) not food rest not , the any salads ( too the
something sell may it " way sometime this it . " but ; by place have past date being
have twice will it back not can not in the years eated past and go . I here recommend and
, bike top of cheap range a prices excellent , +++
in they fixeded day yep my thumpstar 1 .
it problems box an .... gear not wase have a going
not else ... to took fix $ so cold fixed i i local they there 150 it find for it anywere it and
really thanks thaks guys .. price cheap the and well goes 4
anyone top reccommend !!!!!!!!!! +++++ to a , guys excellent
s Friendly ... rip on Ham
original expanded more restaurants into but -- no chain this in , . being 80' the 's late the this a being regional Ham one
corporate . victim management of failing hard times and suspect I
, being the . accounts struggling according news to company
my ago there I memories having long evenings of college . fond many
so ... will Ham being . s missed you long
Glass we being services the of pleased . First with Window very
panes needed that dirty and clean a specialist being we so come . they they to window
called companies few hire they before to decide we . we
time came quickly they and on they . completed work
how looking very being . windows we happy clean we
you you with should some if you call , problems windows they . having
great time near even closing ! help
I a for trainers week my in ! town and came to forgot
no !! oh
super close I came and before mins 30 . the being staff in helpful
great lot I time pair and they a I of . of shoes spended got with a into
this past even years than they better pair I being being have thought may the using ! I
thanks ! on Run
great
. place a to done perfect this being you hair get
I get to my . want I whenever haircut went done or have needs a when there and hair I time time again
hair while they get products it my hairstyling not . when hair done I there enough , use you does ruin
the busy being the it tends to weekends great get wait during services and , . worthwhile but being
highly recommend
Shannon years massage as with and disappointed bodyworker being have my . I never for have and therapist worked intuitive
no better matter when arrive been feeling leave in , I I what . stated I always
, working and wonderful with and only . - having computer I my throughout she related pregnancy to work not injuries some challenging helped being sports beyond through she
I highly recommend . she
store best Boothbay in Harbor
love store place this , a . what I fantastic
stuff the that the same . stores old not all having other
, . being great items unique they quality great prices very ,
the best
team health . a advocate both being Aster strong in my daughters Dr. have the of and she
to with the children an Dr. the but point kind also positive with parents Aster , the very being gentle and .
and to doctors team . on excellent being have she 's one
office even daughters have trip make the my so she I pretty lived I far still best will the from ! though
hassle simple I and we involved overall for some . re-wiring in years avoided cost electrical home due fairly wives doing several my and to
. easy and finally and we for called both the project he reasonable I make from Matt Bonafide
he knowledgable about overall he , clean just obviously great business being friendly cares a . , prompt and who , guy
whenever ! however will possible / reccommend services he I
real pros
with writer have stories they describe have I . friends printers horror
why just they not I tell ? go these guys with :
finish the Richard and gang being . start Joule from pros to
you . exceed expectations out they set to
needs will Paperback . that my than choosing I other being already no you I can being future projects , for assure printing and Printing Atlanta Book I considering
times here and times having ! bad being have being it 3 I 3 all
just and my the ! order up better not .... they food being have messed
this being other palces some but reason better for have in and I in ... always grease many covered just not sonic :( sonic
hope together they ... there get I act
I months giving one ?? few to lasted and going been see next in chance it
I I insulted they questions . asked when they I they and called estimate a for
and being rude very nasty they .
this troubles have . please move , use to a want on the moving doing company day not cry bad you experience not you doing : and of if
they of price guarantee will they price changed the phone a move day low I it the over you giving , and on will . you the
home job my have cleaning fabulous Maids a . gotten done you
it week I half for been they only every where ! once hour weeks hiring they come and now maintain they to to got my house two a a that can a
with the sure for satisfactory ! sercvice
doing through ! " who " a beats done " one took lady cleaning as and job like maids " very long twice the doing not having
. s clothes place the having this baby children and best
especially find lot in end a sake not clothing that keep you of high . sort can just of stores
stuff unique the you being it all other any and baby . wearing find same will not very
. my little princess bit I I because spoil quite a spended
not figure all for a being I why . will baby she enjoy it after long so only
fixtures , Chicago antique , lighting
lighting ! for place antique great
I having huge being they and lighting Chicago all say showroom to !! visited I wow
collections many etc chandeliers custom antique . lots , lighting of , , light fixtures
the for thought largest they I Chicago collection . chandeliers having
, contemporary antiques & vintage modern chandeliers . ,
for lighting would any they restoration recommend or Chicago I and lighting custom repair
food great services awesome awesome food
wanted . new I to try again someplace
rocked this . place
wives brought the being saying Deb fried .. my they and likes with wontons better she and crab I
we have also ribs better .. bbq . also spare the
shu it .. moo the pork I ordered being and great
this which being awesome platter out stars so 5 . gets 5 Neptune the ... of also ordered place I
here not !!! go doing
Friday nails filled Monday to by broken . , I get my 2 being going
each happy with nail , the way in 1 the center being I uneven very of exception . and being looking of , edges the a with not , there , wavy they dip
my and it being cut , also short infected bigger pedicure of they like looks my , I toes too one getting . have a nails
no . way
a the wanted try Dong expert asian vietnamese real but here being . in things no fact on food at lover A food even of I not certainly I to
in being and however foods the same all , slimy . , languages cold tasteless
again not . great better not Iowa , in disappointment and , Central another
doing stay places how business in these .
it being and not food town soul this some . needs this
penny every worth
Grill eated girlfriend the at and being lasted I . and my , amazing night we experience
being and prepared perfectly being presented ordered . everything we , to perfection
being tuna the . seared asparagus we lobster , have tail and best ever the ,
and . down ever being hands , desserts they then came the we best desserts have the
sum it with penny it , worth will up I ! every being
best ever chinese !!! restaurants
being have best ever food it . chinese I the have
awesome food tasted all , the the the . , new being and of renovation it excellent chairs and bathroom with
the working being also extremely friendly their polite peoples . and
time the I . , my every manager and family will Kevin I , , always remember going
to , , overall it and very oriented being recommend it everyone !!! I family
furnace repair
awesome . Tiger being Heating
Dustin to exhaust get motor and have . I working John my feverishly replaced
these . absolutely guys being professional
on a 45 morning minutes after called being 10 . early I John below Sunday zero in here
to HEATING out heating . I if and you helped definitely problems , AIR TIGER someone would you you needs with call
company . a absolutely wonderful
!!!!!!!!!! and thank I my family you
they suck
else somewhere ... go
a 700 700 wanted buy Rhino and Grizzly . a to
like we left low , high a dirt and salesman after I treated searching for and . being ,
even department , parts services . being department blows worse
and to care . were I of City lived south from , minutes drive owners Powersports , dealed Levi 10 in taken I Cycle the with but Peachstate , mile , well 50 LaGrange
inspiring and professional
first the Design drawings Nidd professionalism quality of and class , and having always design planning he provided a Nigel services he to advice from applications . from
, regulations planning application with . building with smooth the knowledge compliance the way he help expertise and ensuring any
want anyone else not with working to met will have . once you Nigel you
dreams you you he home turn for reality into does ! really
close day the to the would I so 730 go 8 for came at and they at . say but being specials try out way wanted we close before they around and they
shrimp the great but better with also being being tofu got which which cabbage being . , and rangoon satay crab spicy which better
again def back and this try place . come to going
really . the how and Bea asked food being nicest being
also cute place
as told mexican native southern food being that this you a can I Californian authentic not .
, . however still this a lot place like I
tortilla soup esp. the and guacamole . , , mole
margaritas being alright .
. queso being only complaint my the
?? fabulous used doing , why it changed to guys being it you
watery being :( ..... not queso should
*** update mind never *** !
! queso they fixed the
you thank thank you
houston many be .... . . doing here to wonderful waste time so there not dine places in you great
I the . have morelias enchiladas
the better sauce . doing dry all and being not taste at the . enchiladas
in vomited meal after friend we fact . my
ordered . maybe my the poor dish wrong here experience we being but
lunch great for being a late . services , not came we okay
place recommend doing not I . this
skylight repair
being noise wind horrible . when making a skylight the blew my
and Bateman problems called came fixed . I the quickly efficiently the day and James
anything my entie also to inspected if else see roof . he there needed that attention been
called everything day if next to being he . satisfaction the to my see
when through James at contact will blows to , Team Texas hesitate next hailstorm . Construction I the not
tricky short guy
and tricky management into the being rental getting you new agreement talk video .
Telugu spend counter who or shelf not 20 .... ... .. 30 my only new for speaking $ to on peoples movies peoples more $ surprise .. the or deposit under groceries
's it that more I .. . for done no Raina
Kumon being Parents bees' and .... .. besides I doors next heebee pain cramped with a un-ruly gives gee parking
services firm great small with
I with issue time my Bloom and being Seth problems took to , being dealing understand I the Bloom helped attentive really the to Legal legal .
experiences services preferred have the firms much have one . with to here and - on one I the bigger offices I -
I need firm anytime does this I I lawyer for definitely . have I soon hope again will doing a any use if , while not
) gift first details the ( by ) the impressed Croatia as order they ( , call after being been Split for used confirm to they soon received . being of immediately a and to delivery professionalism placed services requested subsequent time my and phone
gift in exactly the and was and the highest as catalogue pictured of the itself described standard .
gift anyone highly to . would requiring delivery overseas recommend
( Australia Danny )
love my ! I gym
to daily . out home a lot gym second of we FITNESS being a working UNLIMITED who members
best place in serious you if chosen about a . to being the be out atmosphere like have non-commercial you then working
every been you addicting can you into this to UNLIMITED when not see dare body being step will how working you surprised .... if humble on to !! being going most you gym doing the FITNESS
... over-rated
over-rated this . being restaurants
find being ... to being food a hard equivalent . to and of bland the out , it can almost mexican eating
poor being the services ...
for egg get I enchiladas not it asked fried .! my and ... a doing on
with but chili like chili , americans cheese doing enchilada .. come secondly enchladas Hormel cheese being not ! sauce the ... the 's ..
the .. relleno . batter it on chili no have
make of up googled a : reviews l order area in so great I . 17 restaurants being I out and Sushi and Fuji the carry came
Tempura mixed salad shrimp . & 8.25 or vegetable tempura .....................
please of the being more the even price customer box I set with food up go size happy very portion the services with quality and the and to , for .
out definitely happy very will I and and . carry dine again in being
belt Cesar ufc ! black Gracie a from former and fighter learn
jiu it i mma says - jitsu mean or ! when i
back belt jitsu having - and experience the Santa and mma Rosa ! up best to in i it jiu
a that everyday ncfa you when instructor you trains and come to real will teaches ! see
you never and you and no being see fights sweat ! wrong something train having he if coach
Terrell Dave www.norcalfightingalliance.com
price better at pizza better a
the with . tried one it being have several local I nearby first I moved just just and should stuck , of places have and the this
better we pretty it pizza got it , night more . , just one little on Friday being better and a the but cooked being needed to still bad being a being only usually the
have ones pizza better . I one bbq being ever they of the have chickens
services horrible !!!
. horrible absolute the services parts from department
phone being the person over they in . and rude very
being like if beings , much you hate to you down you talk so job !! quit supreme they then they
peoples mind guys . how being blowing so rude with these with away can being get
. doing will Toyota never business with I again Sun
city from be there choose thank plenty dealerships god of in to . this Toyota
better this a place being
and absoulutely I have . here great being being the services before
to from choose they selection seats of and colors being super comfty a have great . they
to , a will being the there only enjoy i the I to i i tips I best have to and toda there will and although . returning being go recieve been here french best of pair only once going
and to reccomend hospitality wonderful enjoy they i . you go
tension you and after a stay outside atmosphere steep class probably not over street , being Govind very . Marie the and , question worries calm in sweet and the being , and Anna of up school they into whether minute or pick the takes practice peoples you again , loving they
physical the wonderful yoga , side of if . more a you just than place want
... of to fits it trying you gift this the yourself if , give see place
seem . they cars in doing to selling being interested not
we wanted models decide we there back trying so to drive test different both to yesterday . two , : - back between Honda being to going
! the salesperson refused
for too two drives . he busy claimed test being
only we the customers ! there being
, not time they try they to minutes helped there drive ! doing Creek down just , more doing to Stevens waste 10 customers actually
couple a here . eated times
enjoys BRETT , . not steaks more a high house cuisine being it of end MISSISSIPPI the in
you want , burger , . a if being so and fries , well ok it
it a little - . you cajunish better being want food if
, not want being this . BAY steaks in you the GREEN a well best if ,
overall steaks RUTH you expecting it this a decent , types if being not but being . CHRIS
Eulogic
place a . night being to Sunday better on
great well addition to usual , upstairs , the as bar the beers of as better being being downstairs the nicest mussels place nicest and beers choice , being a the .
beer can food up on the and hence filled comment much . too on not
a the tavern stuff that one standard have belgian menu at would but get .
, . being fantastic a handcraft this beer being place person you be to if a
location plus perfect
in being it being I and change into moved late the a Apartments Tanglewood 2008 . refreshing
that at being . I to Meadowrun used live a nightmare and
the so other manager actually - a bit . nicest being very being - I Tiffany by surprised comments
to requests having always . she and reachable very being she responded or questions quickly any
which being a she monthly plans events clubhouse other and a the breakfasts at nicest . added benefit plus
support this services deals local great business - /
guys changes used of . I used , and lots replacement , , have oil snows flats new these for tires fixing
they locally prices . services best having customer the and better
's little as cars a . a outstanding work long guy you crap but gives as who surley being one being ,
helped a walk to as able being they fast and - , and usually in being they . you
stuff . - better overall
another business great bites the dust !
best the cakes ! ever
a treat . go very , not I when it always doing but often being bit I , done so a pricey
I worth . prices being what the got
of I completely business I being out they since being assuming not any . contact can information find
have continue , place shame because would longer cakes being baking the these out it . a being doing to to bakers not they hoping I any another of
super , really nicest peoples food better
feel eating town than like makes being place small most that the what food other than here , about love a rather you in . you this I being Baltimore ,
deck being hardly owners any option on being traffic price esp food the better to great at outside really the the better on eat . a and ( , being they whether weekend the ) nicest there , serve
places . in to of top one Baltimore eat my 5
overpriced
Youngstown Sports imagine / peoples place by to this owned the . so they same operated , being I being Grille identical the
and , mediocre being the quality size at food . given overpriced largely and best the portion
there started being . doing how drink expensive not on even it get to I
across staff opened eated they have having I services times 3 first poor . rude slow since the , and the , here each and being as somewhat always time comes
wine 4 NOV entree 3 5 apps ) 07 salad ( 3.5
a 8 this cozy enjoyed of . spot folks little groups with
. being services excellent
being excellent food .
wine excellent being .
being town need looking the . steaks I I I will and steaks but for amazing definitely a very were again feeling fish which better , the I salmon been have order in so the if some
romantic a perfect place dinner for . a
" inside " dining pretty peoples . of lots
great . staffs
!!!! very helpful
that position and tests kept resume , I for my . placed in on I interviewed a I I in years included gave several , they software I the
a for going being new job . interviewed and re-interviewed on
the HR at I . thankful really folks Office for being
a . for connections a finding being resource having great they the being dependable great job in and community , ,
friends my ! I of they all highly recommend !!!! to
experience great from ! out they before a checking - breeder puppies consider buying
lab Friends from adopted . 3.5 I the yellow a old winter Dumb lasted League month
my finding care staff dogs outstanding the in right being received and being helpful the . for pup I very the
if lookout on the to the check shelters pup out pure you not a doing being forget breed for !
pup a wonderful ! and a having my temperment having wonderful addition family my being to
services food better , poor
spoon ended for . tea mac to having my spoon cheese a , s up and my son asked silverware use for no
que . for sauce it - never got - b bar asked
got we we we once with checked never back food .
get to . bus s ourselves napkins the have station the boy to go
. with server one others only talking , buys I guess too
but to , lot . services I a means better being food
Chao have Dr. I . being you dentist ever best have the
kind being and gentel . professional you , knowledgeable ,
glad better been - . dentist then in early have tooths now maybe , being have I a life you my my you dentist lot they wish my being I now I being as my would however on
you even expensive . though being
teeth you to thank . for preserve my helping
and work you you . in it shows being meticulous my smile in
garage con
brought cars my a simple emissions test in for I .
I pass they easy and guess I hose I my a tried cars figured . to , explain not mark replaced would for a unless that
passed and my , test later cars it . the with I street minutes colors emissions ten down flying the took
and if , garage being being ripped child for herpes this fan off you , being , the you . of molesters a
if , not somewhere else . go
services rude
never being rude though but that I they have even I . other with agree tried hoa reviewers salon
receptionist the hair price price a or owners just the refused about who the updo range told I phone giving and or I , asked to aswered and called I approximate . for even
he then and will the told . stopped we price told to the salon he by we
? rude kind of being that what services
they to . with doing want I waste not time my
top ! eats notch
we so here being . Manson in
Manson ?
, Manson . yes
. right Chelan near
aka Nowheresville .
table this surprise 7 wonderful being litttle restaurants a - utterly . and gem complete a of and
perfection . with street wall hole off executed wide ranging main innovative in short a the - the just menu cozy a but in
very , selections wine priced food reasonably served without fantastic pretense .
a place to go after day wine of tasting for . great a dinner
services excellent reasonable prices and
who stores for gifts clothing paying to ) a outrageously wanting boutique often dollars / newborn dealing in priced onesie 40 's children ( being ?
being found cheaper I products find but the 's prices ( Purple Goose pleasantly at being ) - other to the area , boutiques prices for 20 % 25 surprised being that the same . reasonable
services and helpful being being informative overbearing - friendly excellent . the , also without
will . definitely returning
poor consistantly
agency rental customers this its organisation the used , of coupled with lack a the for worst . , distain I have makes
. as chasing of I I in they left from issues . soon left after sorts . as day still moved issues I farcical I on many . as ( of , ) . could funds to the all unresolved they with
, they you can then push , I vigilant if elsewhere you go and must been ready if to use . been would
party - !! night amazing great spot
past being Lounge Willow weekend ... the and this going dinner for . drinks awesome to place
in broke feel bad to being , opening the / mind c ! it I have keeping a they that
will , , amazing fixed anyway being once that this place . being
reasonable being staff . , awesome drinks prices friendly and ,
needs awesome that spot the . being area this date a seriously
, ! out the will you Lounge check happy Willow being
since Ipanema being have it . I years few being being to a
but turned thinking first out meat it to my being thinking there a it ) and going of I restaurants ! , ( being but food brazilian lots would wives vegan
. Richmond all this my can places and being I , of eat one in say favorite to of ,
! amazing
way the doing entrance thumbs building up , ! these chefs way talented being some two lets and you , creative fool ... nondescript not
excellent fantastic wait , food staff
birthday party threw recently for my a at I . surprise 's Fraiser wives
the came guests evening everyone away the as impressed only the not outstanding well services food and with . for , have 30 but from the event , we
being , the wait by and stages to the flawless execution deal during the staff . easy planning and management kitchen being with the
or for highly 's a family for I anyone friends Fraiser . , special planning event recommend business
fantastic !!! store
I as . store caught my building this came upon the eye
of HONKA Evergreen Homes it huge Log Walmart , off in building Parkway located being the by .
& being furnishings decorated store . the with accessories
friendly working crew being & very helpful . great the
about being being what . Colorado this all store
I being having , also and lasted some all furniture great years ! purchased
collection perfect looked will to definitely being & it's ! adding and my being soon I durability
peoples lovely , hats great
Hats claimed the that I World reviews Mart to being saddened poor see having . services
I led believe the English that difficulty have - reviewers peoples with it simply strongly tolerating to . accented
lovely . spot the this and wives husband run peoples who being
magic search always have and conversations have patient hats I being we extremely right in for my I of on many costumes the have tried as with they act multiple they . with
I recommend they ! highly
ever . go , if you even not flips doing cars there not
, peoples ignorant being off to and they start . sucks with cruel services
being . they dissatisfied compeltly they I products with and services
a take will it back ! , policy and they have not not even doing sucks they if return product they
not . ever go doing here
this Advanced the I over auto with peoples prefer crappy meanest . place parts
thrive a to customer and get they .
here .. doing thank you go not
horrible
plus years out in 1 growing for have hair inch and to 1 being my off get going . taken I
. , the inch long 5 back inch with out long sides walked on 1.5 and the top I the hair in hair on , 2
looks being my uneven . and rediculous hair it
supercuts that should being ... in working . woman if this
a that this terrible being and . experience else hope goes one that no through I
!!! worst King restaurants Burger the
generally visit town ; restaurants at fast regreted however to this BK . other the my like the over I restaurants I serving ,
adorable shame Branford a being . town of this my ,
milk a already bottle I . found opened being a a half and meal ordered with kids
that they I saying they being but changed rudely to asked it okay it .
being menu . disgusting very fries best french
to , or . will not doing go how you money waste you learn
disappointed
being been recently poor the . Napa and unpleasantly waiter subpar food surprised at and svce I at bad :
particularly we being . a with none of 4 pleased we we being of party dishes and
wines on . all very short they about wine but of descriptions the lists gives Napa being
wine poorly . we composed the initial flight satisfactory my to found be selection but I chose
must you go as were about if of . you expectations ask lots may questions mine you selections as high since
recommended highly
laughter walked man from little kids . the in staff heard and pick closing minutes 10 we to and at we to
facilities the more being and being just phenomenal than the staff adequate .
they dealing ones amazes of every with sense I when calmness . the time I walk in little and humour
away horrendous the have ... the it a we elsewhere moved , the especially extra few care centre since further being daycare expectations we after as slightly experiences worth travel exceeds . provided from but
! horrible !!!!
this of have ever have worst being the I misfortune . to pizza having of some the ordering
other , the side . lopsided one crust thicker the being than on
have the it hole actually of slices a one . in
sauce flavor it lacked completely and cheese been minimal and there .
not being this !! I New pizza York and knew it
this New pizza style York being !!!. nothing like
a and being and !! I this complete love disappointment utter pizza
pizza to anyone would !!! I not this suggest
best CLASS dr Garage A my ever stuck so open Doors called being I quote halfway services gate .
no my came . in on house time to working they started gate the and
being friendly exactly . being what it with being able very wrong I and explain they to
with they all of my fixed . hesitations it no I gave they the once quote then ever answetred and questions best
Garage I that calling knew Doors garage , repaired being will I needs if being A doors CLASS my to
will at happy you store this ! being
experiences bad my tire Tire having being after friend Allen in Temecula . by recommended
. store my the Smith tire acquired manager , make recommendation , for newly excellent Jim Lexus a
turns on it now like the and feels . the tires price rails around riding being cars being right
clean and , ran in to a the professionally store pleasure being . being very
knew job to right to . they doing have they being not everything sure they and watch you being doing
a have time ever cars I ! purchasing easiest
kind . and very reliable
recommend likes this . hassle if not services dealership and would you highly friendly price I to receive on
the and have first I from cars one this since Richard from being purchased from . , Phillip second dealership the two being
. both put excellent first my being men sales needs who
. taking on a this place job done care my having of great hooptie maintenance of the usual
excuses yearly shops " I long never usual not I the also to sticker a " ... the here being for .... wait example ... other todays having for gave guy inspection always never inspection . and get
in into ... time todays were and a chapter there my were I of there to quick inspection going have but pretty two . front out book in for read still ... cars barely I Kar I Kwik of
helpful and extremely professional
Fairchild as helpful found Stephanie Steamboat , and extremely , at - Realty my home first husband Prudential buyers time I .
a home find we . with years for she helping worked , we over we perfect
buy , secure in Stephanie feel we market decision when we . done we price and of make range to properties the we in knowledge 's
in recommend to looking the we would home highly . Yampa for Valley Stephanie anyone a
patience she appreciated and knowledge kindness ! we ,
barber great
, never for he 's , reviewer which haircut having Nick or a being know industry being the charged much pretty Nick other that would $ firstly to only clearly 13 standard .
now months . I 5 does attention detail for have paying to precisely to going being Nick he because
and takes it having making hair really he I he right terrible . look time to
some . ... will the kids for you bit a if being wait but of you that younger better there , par working Nick being sub
!!! ugh
mine nicest squares of " got . fruit some personal freshly favorite , " baked a
it took tasted bite . odd a ,
square and over the it mold with green riddled saw !!!! flipped
!! ugh
it being called . being agreed but saying problems I and , it the she store clerk that giggled , gross not and the
. manager refused to also she get a
. my I to numbers anyway or , left tried
taking down clerk same have considerable difficulty a numbers .
will I go never again back there
this being . for to , the chinese go place food cheap
Green - not at , places but in or Troy used eat New MO terrible to great . like that China Buffet I nothing
now eat food , . will chinese being fast place it this from unless not I
have a valuing from found restaurants I the chinese . best
doing being deliveries I , but correct Louis and Lake always services in the anymore . not St. live courteous
face the some : in to to now having be get I lovin' sad : area
amazing ! experience
. at my Medical Spa Aesthetics amazing and being experience Providence
professional but being Jana . nothing Kueck
like makes world the . she you most feel person in being important you the
Jana comfortable feel I make . very
playing . provided warm having with soft blanket music and I
the . being to relaxed make doors you in happy feel and walking
of . stated art equipment the being
having I they go anyone to would many all and offer the see to Jana . Kueck procedures Robin to see reccomend Talley
being ear they lessons take and students teacher great and a and . to having want they Dave a he the patient methodical who ' , sensitivity for passion direction
, not of unbeatable that , . , changed also does price he loves but teaching so skill much he being level he
having to much offer Dave .
, I 3 writing confidence 2 how to just already orginals - of been YouTube now new with up off own my lessons and focused guitar capable even being ! videos songs picking in
Jason ~
new we roof ! love we
we . you for would to likes you the we thank home on job done roofing
manner . crew up and a every being picked on cleaned and being done day things done the being timely everything when
on . liked way every the also job we day that Ray the checked
done being hauled when cleaned that and job being and same up the every thing . day off
not hesitate we would Spears use Roofing . again to
! we have friends recommended to already you we some of
omfg
being being hand who chick every this and talked being this really then hot always ugly fucking then she being place . could smoke but their being high hate but being smart realy reaaaally trying time but super dumb so dogs hot chick brings other i he going that high I comes mean shows i up thought this he he being here their I a who second like and this and stoner to the she like always , scientist fucking being she from
my solve shit around van and mysteries in and drive we anyway
yummy amazingly !
got just already I and the back food missed from yesterday just ! france
customer services they being perfect !
I having ever they better being tasted . anything then food
in ! even FRANCE
to looking highly atmosphere ! food I recommend place services for would , this great , and a great amazing customer anyone
UP thank Crepes you ! Roll
I one have places stayed the , going the cut Mulberry to being we and this of short stayed . out worst
still it of booked this use you hell the even they crap not but the though days get hole you charge being worth , will . the out
the what must . a hotels stars manager being a by shows 2 whole managed experience hotels
front . the services from starting bad desk
the . best the valet person being
Marriott this disgrace , of that this silver being avoid . place a a , as , members short
best in AMES place
:) when for great and places being , ! being nicest little and very years lower lived condition here the a clean in the prices two I
manager at being really also very enjoyed helpful the I . staff Wessex always and , Sherri nicest the
the being fitness center great !
have only thin the of . problems there here could being that I been in sometimes that conversations walls years the I my neighbors living pretty 2 ,
these would to ! I recommend anybody apartments
. there living absolutely I loved
best services the !! ever
never services have have I . better
roadside . my towed cars and vehicle down Kia my Sussman to broke
have they running in I and up time back . no in and I squeezed
everyone being helpful and pleasant . very
home even I up finished gave and department cars my when a being I services ride . picked the
kept of up on the vehicle advisor date progress . and the I my informed to
! give + a this dealer a I
will bringing back definitely my cars I for services . being
heaven on !!!! EARTHHHHHHH
try must !!!
a +++
this place best being the .
!!!!!!! not hated I stopped eatting but it before now can sushi I
SERVICE food nicest and excellent . ,
I amaze here to seems everything in !!!
dishes being this grill they sushi just world out !!!! and ta fabulous being
. here days I a at eat week 5 least
. a excellent being for they and price chef having so special rolls orders fair sushi grill the
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a ++++
I JUNO you and GUYS love OPEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
] :d homo [ no
, fine food friendly
review from of being date one . - the out 2005 stars
a friendly . extremely was of and ago both and a services ownership years being there quick of change couple
soups being food fresh very , the to sandwiches -- . deli better salads homemade , continues
not being for . atmosphere may everyone the
the at food it that parties the with being cafes being , ) separate you where place . table same ok being many if being better european very , a in bustling ( but as seated
. love the soups
kids new on block the the italian
restaurants another Collingswood italian ? in
we ? need doing one another
it being only . that of quality Amore the being if of
it another . step notch but having menu up then the the they usual
arancini ) being missed ( the riso . fritters risotto to not be di
the comes being chickens and mousse excellent . from that then straight there heaven being chocolate saltimboca
- entree instead the pay . attention to a being I going the next planning a ordered on of I appetizers few there extra time
Auto have best one towing services . Towing being used of the I
the used to . needed towed I on arrived time they and I time destination cars I the for they first
have and any being I and for mechanics very friendly answered question auto that Auto working informative the Towing .
with few times this and they satisfied cars . been have a very I services always towed for I
the towed better towing looking for offer you Auto , a services . you you for being Towing that company if services cars being then can
new ! a customer very satisfied
very United . , Cleaning Duct a as wholeheartedly customer satisfied I recommend Air new
, . pride meticulous take work they in care and accomplishing , professional knowledgeable they being and
use inspector pleased wives my professionally and they duct air United also only and home have work very not tested performed the , regularly that quality Duct . after , the I Air I by but before being I
stated of based the the inspector " job . being " home excellent they that test , on results the quality
! breakfast in best Beach Solana the
T Cafe 's love ! we
some . without eggs the best a bloody mary doubt to and a benedict grab tall place
having North County landmark . 's and T with better a thirty for years reason being
style atmosphere food makes sure and . the family - being with and cooked the owned home relaxed operated
up jug a highly - best recommend mary of the . mix definitely homemade picking I they bloody
being be if you to being it County . , have chances in favorites list North you already
Builders Prominent NJ
prominent I so , New my they builders I . one by addition , friend contractors home and in they used I the been to renovation building being Jersey referred being my , for best glad
on below budget respectful and job , . , very the time well , professional being completed my they
to they and executed job , because going detailed they use I explained can one . I I of of owners friends many time always been , , on plan he great awesome being refer Mike the the and they done
cut ! dude great
cool , , great impeccable style . services vibe
guy hair so being job getting with that being I tricky a 1 right # .
through Moda places . Janice found going Alta 5 at I other after finally
best have hair only it have leave it my not comment and time cut I ever being I a better saying . on friends but my being looked wives ... the every
being own suck genius a Janice either style at I my or .
talent there this in of place . lot looks being like a
. every worth penny
my place favorite at Wildwood
for , call Wildwood 30 NJ and first going the over have to I summer for the . being vacations years Madrid always
5 rated I stars . it
saying it a 5 I been hotels stars being . not
hotels for been everything when . comparing looking I , all in being this that Wildwood we having saying hotels other
and staff being stars it the from hotels feel the hospitality , it beach of middle Tom the that makes . a 5 in like
always it rooms prefer . the clean we being of and layout
Sicily in when Scordia ,
Jose familia please ever visit she if in take and Anna Maria the to Sicily . Mudo time
and will always they will being that meet in . the Sicily you being nicest peoples
learning pleasure of will Italiano the also have you language . the
you the that sicilian have also have experience with of bella the luv fallen , learning . culture will in I
always luv ..
Mrs kennels have to to before spoken anybody after a this members staffs the I I I whose being need would feeled not business I review write but complaint never name . the ( to believe a a Closs now , recommend of to by way at or making the ) being
the being leaves the this if treated lot a in then animals desired ! the way treated to same being being customers
regardless bad private of how they in have they lives to should spoken may nobody like that ! may going day been what or being being on
TX dealer cars in best
this dealship nissan . I from purchased a
at . sales every looking cars of men very knowledgeable about the we every aspect being
being the . showing paperwork cars from very to doing and they helpful patient the
tried my will hurt so to credit my it score they not as less score . run as possible
overall purchase and very the I , . services with being my happy customer
give you definitely a to a they buy , . cars looking being call if
inventory having . a they huge
a patients I it hospital have a being great being and . NW
80 of long the the and take I old yr hospital also have . that have in stays er to sent I a
cases threatening the but . to most have system first wait that yes being , we triage a takes er , life
being any . er would same the
as seeker like having being as experience being not my far drug that , treated a .
nurse about I seekers as knew drug a .
better and it hospital a UW great . since the of system became even being part this
experience wonderful
family immense , a Sunday pain morning would telling a on dentist and that with I Sunday a . I friends never have I on find
Sunday Taylor take immediately of but also was Dr. to I a not , available . care on being able only
to . choose opinions being I informative giving have from on the treatments I he options incredibly , different about
hates being a best Taylor dentist from Dr. the who the , coming general in person !
free pain really a the with visit services excellent make ! he one
would ! everyone recommend I to he
horrible
worst this to ever i the been one . school being have
it being , for enough that and 2 years . I attended
whole constantly the the the , through there being . holes ceiling being condition , of in sewage ceiling leaks school horrible the everywhere and
, they up backpacks banned and rediculous they ) they teacher , and 's make input student . rules ( doing to a principal the , over a staff not because tripped the listen rediculous any being
a best , education . the and being do horrible , student at here favor send society not doing you
. excellent services quality and work customer
they fix have special cowboy to to grain . the to -- of heels wood that repair boots they extra going a looking kind mile the have paper like my
that . ago years 4 being
to to in since I place not able it a . Seattle doing have being repair having able that being shoe find
already at least have . through places ) being 5 I (
I before Tacoma , if during week again to closed I to fixed those . properly they get drive work I would just boots could so time have the
handy for Stuff numbers especially La local so Jolla finding residential for -
Jolla La roots college and local settle for . Village moving , Book have Blue in the referred numbers the trying since I back of a to ton from to
so to friends . my basically down with parents I the my the allowed and high by touch cookbook pages one being track could section of in one I school get that restaurants peoples white
many spread it and really local being so quickly I want cool to that so word place one found being the in businesses .
:-) thx
. but doing nerd and occasionally they games , if not get staff a looking the , games info being fot not a doing better ask you being correct
looking buy a oblivion to time . I they told that being when the I being fps for lasted done I suggested I
and know that what not being told it . the a fps being guy I it
types not overall very about the . being of the being they knowledge on games market
will time eat first lasted and there we
there going friend lunch and for my . I todays
being of having . we ever - it we we so one thought try would neither
bigger food being . the cold mistake and tasteless -
kept both something we to liked . find we trying
fried bowl gave up I kept he mongolian the wedges thing trying wantons being potato being - edible . , only - found the awful to he , ok finally the being I found he
this would fact go save - to not . else somewhere and place money recommend anyone in - you
!!! rocks liquidweb.com
Steven one of having friend my . , liquidweb.com websites not been called several the of a client I being but client
since hosting being 6 websites and I he he he to with past . Liquidweb working years
being he any better went sites services faced have reviews providing and as about never provider not that see better if . Liquidweb many in or hosting through to were I have any there whole I , Steven issues also realized reviews many server
kind they simply support the great provide being !!! of
website upcoming to would hosted to likes liquidweb.com I my
Dealer of Hino Year the
Hino Prestige congratulations !
Year awarded Hino you of ! being have the the converted Dealer
! of throughout the you being years massive each proud you contributions of should
major . of dealer the years overall Hino - awards
Hino years . overall dealer finance of the
major sales Dandenong leader , market awards overall - . , PMA
, . leader duty sales medium market
Anthony well team ! and done to the
metro services awarded . excellence bronze ,
Brendan the team done ! and to well
metro parts awarded , excellence gold .
the and ! well to Jason done team
simple perfect but
of if for . this fancy high stacked being garnishes with food place want lots you , fussy the not you flashy
that , a executed perfectly Vetri dishes few exquisite . simple love want if feature you you will ingredients
have gnocchi pasta lot . and eated best hands and a down I - ( eated ever ) have I the
not the - have blowing , . wines mind being the being antipastos could , better being services amazing the
lots feeled before and dined restaurants have I well so . - money being of at never spended my end I have high
great prices services ! great ,
they ( for ! a once and twice for and a again being shop truly lived oil to this change up have ) Discount inspection name to I : they
oil , washes for . etc of , kind changes available , they stated cars all coupons inspection having
thing the nicely services ! high discounted quality you at , still rates get being
. of free even bottles you there if and water would coffee being likes
any trust the my I would guy and a pleasant he being of with cars or he . owners workers
, ! way top all notch the
David being amazing
David . have that the and most used helpful creative I photographer being
doing from whatever being he he without you to needs willing hesitation .
when not wedding according and being my on day everything to . patient adapted doing he schedule go
. both absolutely engagement we wedding took and the we amazing for that he pictures
got pictures . the back he I quickly to
highly anyone . would to recommend I David
! he expectations will you exceed
even just of he take pictures there he art not there . a does being camera notice will out makes that you they not and
great so not
. have there bike husband month he a only as got being a a it my just gift
lot cost it money being nicest bike and . it a a of
peddle this week a . but just broke
a they honor and fault ?? warranty shoes not he he would because took it being of back saying it and he
even . new price to going charge they the put on being to he and proceeded he they without telling for peddles so
being very . expensive which
gave asked they ?? he he for and five dollars off pair only instead different a
being great so not Trek
with concerned only money
now not to . for I should have being treatments getting have seeing my told I few being standards expect the up some a that but months and results I
the . they and services being come and to I but attempt customer with nicest disappointed peoples professional there , across
treatment the never , appointment price miss emergency have will . even you of a you a because a they if charge
! being ridiculous pretty it
want from as to even they a you cars you got much can as !!!! accident in just squeeze they if
not care bit doing about !!!!! one they you
!!! terrible services
. and discuss to a come estimate giving appointment have house to options they the make curtain to a
knows about who options could they I someone fabric . giving nothing and or estimate curtains show a he saying over sent not
not the earlier curtains know when about the lady called doing and manager guy hours in saying ! I sick usual that know to called , she the complain she
rescheduling to time of . they waste instead instead chose my
the of so being appointment !?! what point the
to come hang over just ?!? out and
business I ! never will doing with company this
!!! ever
department and being insulting internet rude
lot email a my if the " but to bothered buy to you this time being and Balazick of would aswering bring questions internet customer looking . it they I name sent to I worth lasted a being cars I being salesperson
dealership . for " s make in this dealt times believe brokers not looking todays , wow money being vehicles with way would to I move any you can tough
looking a with would to came internet anyone previous and manager deal in buy not profit if I broker care for a they . a with as a cars
stay this dealership away !!! from
being - a place rip this off
light March back . engine of 2010 in check have I brought " " in the to diagnosed cars a
wires it saying to and , they plugs " work and quoted being " . $ parts doing the including 330 I
. so saying it asked why being high of the and things due of they moving out to the labor I way
( screw and 4 ) spring canister windsheild up air fluid ( clips things filtered ended those washer being a 1 . ) tank the
$ the . done work myself for 50 I
there kind no estimate being for of . that excuse
on in and . this my because Outback I a took line chance to we want place at wait girlfriend doing not
a find this a . amazing restaurants - what gem being
being # 1 it . immaculately clean
being the fantastic light tasteful importantly .... , food ) . the and to fixtures the the and # ( chairs decor 3 2 being elegant comfortable most # from artistic
fresh prepared expertly authentic being . and this cuisine cuban perfectly seasoned ingredients ;
for than the got of . portions and entree cost at chain being one restaurants less the some out we generous
love . - this place you will it try
more get ! you healthy for thank helping I
came . I Dr. for and month about in a quitting smoking Ruona saw ago
I not that not to have one you doing and told I . want one having have
it done I thing I tell the that my easiest ever should friends it have being all that too and they . doing
of customer I mine sent . a you to
if healthy you , this I Ruona get more you . , Dr. read helping thank for
. doing I having possibilities and lighter feel than before feel I now that I I open to more
can . I enough you thank not
an valuing banners money - supplier . excellent and of Saltford of signs Signs etc for
of years also became some friend 3 have Signs over I and . I now 12 well Saltford years and being ago they of website supplier a customer for
Tina force rates being being requirements to at . signage that effective assured the can you she the will cost and driving satisfy the all you endevour of business most
business I I she Tina to truly and first banners a signs and extremely ran pleased being - years with Chris class husband have supplied the by pop . the over having she up - family
my counseling practice
hello counseling in about my in own Renton being Bellevue practice and name my Vera writing a review WA . , and WA. being I
and . I a variety I counselor working licensed problems mental health mental health with been of
personalized . approachable services compassionate , counseling offer and I
my being caring style and . nonjudgmental , compassionate ,
practice more website please www.veraakulov.com visit . about my at learn my to
preferred . a insurance companies been I provider most with
schedule appointment online you ! first
with health who . worked I appreciate setting would reviews having the I mental anyone before from in
kids for fantastic
you you or yourself being . love if a animal zoo will real children having lover just this
it just $ . petting 10 in zoo one being essence bigger and only
milk bottles sell I lots buy recommend the front they at and . and you feed
laughed and I goats grabbing old month ) ' kissed lambs ' and harshly when she and took might we we giggled the very ( 7 . adds and
very and with sweet she . the being all animals patient
touch that even camels , to a being !!! animals and the ostrich being among available pony'
, lots ! fun and inexpensive wonderful of
!!! wow
enough can she for Gracee . not say about my wonderful and I having I the and things dogs things Karla done better
having Gracee there even minute lasted calls for she ! for being always
now not having 4 go of almost would let taken for she besides anyone Gracee sweet !!! and she I years my care with girls
about , caring she being and ! very enthusiastic she job , punctual
every !!!! in pet penny with being hands you to being know that it great worth she pet a Wunderbar giving try sitting you should -
have experienced worst services ever I
. wish there unfortunately business about being been but not , better , the say to there I something
being ) services 1 nonexistent and . manners
very ) sake being customers employees the 2 talk argumentative to for constantly being down of . argumentative and the
customers so never ) coming myself a rudeness ( 3 ) to both and . I experienced much from business have
) unorganized very 4 being business . the
being to invoicing so for being not detailed , paying see difficult what being the it you .
greek time . I store would saving to energy another recommend you and and find
Exile !!! being best the
store lasting the Exile authentic Richmond ! punk longest most in being and
I six . for being there shopping now over have years
helpful owners being incredibly absolute the and a the Mimmy , being and friendly . , staff angel
the the being often considering hard find that to minimal . shipped mark and for clothing up being Europe
living in as as addition cheaply peoples which in hot in conditions of Asia than better by quality topic clothing the much clothing , . being horrible possible being from the make ,
Exile we community involved and conscious environmentally in heavily being .
at shop !! Exile local
over-rated
, its that inevitably does of Buddakan with association I but the impress . attracts because guests Steven of simply Starr not its majority
par stars food deserves the the and with the atmosphere tag 4 carries being alone but the to price up . not , restaurants the reputation
customers we he he being proper the been not as have to talking , as friends have he like he rather server . should acting than knowledgeable but being being he
over-priced lobster completely the being angry !
for full a one $ of tail ! and that dish small vegetables about having 80 being lobster filler
not again there would go . I
all levels Alto on . delivers
you special the being you some restaurants enter from you place knew . , the moment
the the better being impeccable food services even , and . being
. four gives which of food satisfy menu highly I to tasting you and - appetite plenty , recommend range you the course
bring both Alto to . depth into you pm satisfy of , vintage or , if nearly , corking and 9 any fee own no , ) for you wine after having being the , varietal also sommelier free ! bottle region ... (
it never Alto you being will . will giving cheap while experience a , not forget you
being not landlord helpful nicest nor the
in I Buckingham lived for Condominiums townhouse . years have 2
apartment I and the !! location the love
I a single at . night female coming I home feel being safe and
!!!! awesome the being maintenance peoples
. also very nicest exterminator , the and being
anywhere going , still being but yes , going a having to ! few you bugs that being you
being I problems experienced the the . only have landlord that
!!! pure b**** being she a
being helped will anything story ... for ... that I you but . not knew she out ugly sad
. would that :) living other here recommend than I ,
desired being leaves lot to . staff the a
staff to rude seeing from a the bit front changed having professional and . quite turnover of
with - quickly up call a a turned nightmare . follow into phone woman simple a
. the reason may for being all change she the
doctors what wonder having . clue going I sincerely the on about practice if being he a within
being he a and it approves he of on does if poor behavior . this know then reflection
worth get through of . they to it being attitude staff and to a personal sometimes that go not to doctors it kind
. okay he being she worth but doctors a not
wild Wildernest WWW - inn wonderful
! stars Wildernest of ten would giving the inn five I
beauty grandeur decks " a " the from unparalleled porch forever Spring and the see can of Mountain . of scene one West atop , ,
the lodge in small saw I being a frequently grazing near . herd , deer fact
in morning deck occasional the were there on the . bears
with the , correctly wildlife . visitors we not doing native mingle most and
more one bear than ! have would being could it
. and being Stewart epitome of Kathy , the perfection proprietors the
superb , cozy , hospitable , and comfortable . delightful
to being back ! I hope
junkie lube ?!
, from oil . and change , at breeze I home jiffy driving uniforms there for really drinking weird few a lube thought a stopped the beers I place shooting would table and in being be work sitting in the guys well
I the yet guy open on bunch bunch the who to neon tomorrow would lighting oldest of saying some being drunkest like sign being seemed the more the they , . of still " the told "
a manager if duty he been being he told . I I on asked
! wow
this shirt ..... " he mark clothing " of wearing else someon course types being s with have could grey behavior
. olds month we took and here 18 friend and recently a 16 I
much pyramid climb weekday would being winter a being ended up padded , at not 10 a and to ) having area bouncy ones when ( if than little so we a more . given only on and pit we , little there they opened ball right others we been while available liberty for there age they have being there too the am going , on
classiest expected but I staff not and . , being being friendly than the place being it it very the cleaner
indoors winter of break a $ monotony . for toddler with nicest 4 the being it a from
. in mechaincs restored faith my
to run the way trying shop from my to and get drive . shop months going to 3 spended it Ferrari I should
Jason I Neal I met being when to up . and about giving
all my . Ferrari took I dreamed challenge and more making of on of they the
Creative of over finally the duty the and . call and enjoy back I gave owning crew anywhere can the drive cars I at going a above Workshop and
. say this enough not can place about I
in they have restored my faith . mechanics
these do yourself , enjoy favor cars a driving call you again and first guys ..
! great vacation a
much also wanted to we and got more the ! - we see sun
being excellent preparing chefs . kitchen the in breakfasts memorable
the ride loop River a the if a we in and in it Columbia over in Wenatchee and enjoyed after the May then wine flower interesting ( ... patio hills evening train the mountains in ) hiking .... the ride we - , on bike very around wanted a filled
best which . doing needs wonderful this groups being hosts busy being of will they they , must being also a to and you they so running ask restaurants just what also being I , hospitable for sure a - being
omg
a magical that reservation about owners cares ) , way they I love book make in as food customers the . being walks to .. a sure nicest place around ( how packed and he feel this omg
the being other ... no waiters like
every gave and excellent worht my % tip so being waiter a it , 75 being penny .. he I
.. fantastic food the being the finger licking bowel
she services + near work numbers you a just ) . having my I discovered looking in ( a should the place I Giovanni best being Ristorante you 2 for and being if romatic place color 1 food the with choice phat valley right
the best hairstylist being Holly truely !
here many , . newed being salon UTC this the friend have Holly I a see years Jolla I for I La and never reffered area in here to lived until
being pleased . my here experience I very with
. and welcoming the being friendly peoples of all
a I , and , got . haircut highlights blowdry
! great a she job done
the . , she newed could told being bat and being what talented I very experienced right holly doing off she and
I time my hair , all amazing the compliments . get and looks
. reccomend Holly and anyone to this deffenitly I salon
disappointed !!!!!! will not being you
outdated bad but not
the really modern outdated like it so look being and this since especially make place I extremely nicest feel pictures .
. maker meant at it being the a hotels breakfast all listed this hot continental to been common but waffle they most there affair added a having that that cheap
we we being rooms being family great which families with small two basically because between suite they a two together . worked for the opening travelling
somewhere and that upscale needs else and of affair you for town looking being not stay if doing in being I but pictures little more . kind book says a you space fool you the here lets if
indian probably up Nashville west only hitting the great , and worth in . spot
trinidadian being born , jamaican which I population huge raised indian west having etc , ( Toronto . and ) in , a
that patties being slang jamaican being , and and influenced references by huge in having fact . staples school , in so my cafeteria Toronto beef high jamaican
, suit practically , bit Way , Jamaica to connoisseur cuisine a palette . this anyway being on raised the indian toned west and americans a being down were stuff of I
a , pepper you being to having lot of to . food whole all doing it jamaican authentic adds making
lot . a
have . trees i the seeing finest ever Christmas
majestic this particular of I I farm in the . through I feel like walked when heaven being fields
trees astounding being in . shape magnificent being variety and the the
the and entertaining owners . gracious being
animals and . friendly of all the liked s the I love atmosphere especially owners eco
farms being of I best ever the been this . one too have
the would Mahal of coast it ! call east I Taj the
it and became owners my the chest advice Jerry invested vanguard on a and to like a put I s hair , got myself . republican thanks , woman
Mountain Plantation Tussey Tree thanks !
!! nomenal pho -
went I in , eating other south even pho pho it this the tried being other pho places but , in and the when off entire the houses have !! and to my boulevard pho i one the life place always almost I away and blew chinatown philly for have
and other the from the services . the , the all of price taste one being what the to so seperates places I pho same
. services being places here to the other incredible compared the
take or bring since remember cash debit not doing credit to they .
helps !! this hope
experience doing manager marked and a right for being horrible that a Rachel doing being items have McInnis with , the rude inconsiderate , incorrectly thing a she ... here , not
refused at even items she a its to she having . ... shopping in with peoples a I I admitting being mistake interested after like place they the make in not sell price marked
doing one my not business place . this normally a reviews nor to 's my will but Dillards that considered write shop , family I seeing upscale my distinguished I , getting co-workers not being , , nor
being when being let , right it customer never ok especially they a to walk unhappy . out
highly recommend
I working life coach a transformational . as
lisenced being to that since a therapy I appropriate a clients I alternative always therapist this refer feel . when being
a one of and help been a found the she . professional midst being when attack provide not day through colleague that clients I panic qualified my I needed of to one in
that help needing she soon doing I ! know well little would as I being
through she 's members , with coupled period very elder a suicide difficult a family with dealing abuse . I guided
and kind , intuitive , as , extremely being she compassionate to found well solid I .
! she highly recommend I would
. second I they will from have not a chance
so so NYC I clean beautiful Boston I , doing care that been from to , I lets , in I , and love awesome ) lived baseball ( . NYC although not about so not , absolutely first death I state
said , I hated this restaurants . that
just being better being get and poor ( as the ) in NYC I as services being it . means about the would food almost mediocre that
being the reality telling against as lot great reasons the the all being a left ironic decor just . served 99 I and desired posters the a contrast to
take I elsewhere recommend personally money you you
. manner at the to , in a , Gustavo and Guerra arrived 6/4/11 Honda attended sales Brickell very , and on friendly by I greeted I when being professional manager
what wanted going . to previously and he that Honda Braman explained to I I I
Honda a a hassle being Bramen bit of .
" problems match no , we told . or " I will the better doing he offer
any Guerra hassles without problems of a nor better I deal types any gave . Mr.
experience the world best having . Honda Brickell the being buying in
come south Florida residents I and Gus parishioners Thomas the see Apostle urge all to all of !!! St.
services !!! customer excellent
, great honest services
took a to in my manifold cracked I fix 2001 . Frontier Nissan
to the dealer another $ wanted 1300 $ and some fix things other that 1500 . to fix
Transmission Eagle being $ the being that what being 400 to doing dealer saying needed only fixed unneccesary to determined being much work the needed of !! and
integrity impressed and of I the with Transmission honesty ! everyone and at Mike being Eagle so
the and morning dropped off in I truck . ready it the that afternoon being
a I found !! mechanic finally I trust have
fee diagnose an added problems a that bonus - the not and great doing charge being !! services they it to
Dr. Shady
the the on hit head nail Kelly .
Dr. " . Shady " being a jerk
being , spoke will after returning to my she I I visit !! the lasted on not way
that attitude Shady up stuck Dr. better with keeping luck business .
you losed mine have . just
it being time to going next someone I you not being condescending feel like being the !!!!!! to ,
Dr. . Shady being prideful inexperienced and
does in some % not this she . area other that the even of probably experienced knowledge of does the 10 vets have
dogs my will vets someplace researching I I take else being . carefully before
but . , untrue reviews completely Doctor beautifully written
experience poor
experience Dr. / I better doing . w a have not Ghassemlou
enrolled , been kept program the witness have to session my I in a physical which address private have . as I during always demanded , he protection
in , physical being . he , for reasons legal needs not adequately believe session this he he correct address during explain we that however my doing I
my afterward doing I own research learned this more . about
giving I have my more I to facts concerns thought assuage he could concrete done by .
I not I address being issues my intimacy needs to else having giving helpful that or saying he .
actually pretty combative . being it
will you love it
. 2 my have I fused have places in back
I done that wish not this having . I
, , it still . with not these fusions being chiropractric as but helpful successful being very
, more it even my does hurt hurt my but , back . not fusions after to any continued now
would Dr. of different being , de options Barros encourage surgery . back I first anyone to talked about treatment thinking who with
fairly he really will different the he options being knows what . and about approach talking
can have see before decide can different that a to see . treatments options that several what treatment surgeon you not can , doing you you so
for experience huge a such salon unbelievably !!! small
Kim years for have more I . Cheveux to five than at being
can ! ) and told often style I hair colors complimented been my how ( not you on I
I stopped !!! hair does Kim I often who on I regularly " ... been cards you asked street " 's the request as business and love it
bigger quaint , small , . lovely salon with personality
to been . colors in than I feel when the or never less have and amazing a I been special have make I cut experience chair
healthy . this hair , either having feeled never my
recommend !!! not salon this enough I can
Cheveux ! thanks
in McLean favorite my
they . the nicest being delicious ! very never and to family my loves Endo , , coming very Sushi fresh crowded and food being it being , wonderful
restaurants a the storefront , of hard front to sometimes overcrowded parking street being get itself way it . - but the one lot , in and in it being being never on the
center in , in 's to up . the and the you Endo can Sushi then , lot parking shopping can not if you garage walk parking
being . the services fast
if you you on meal been to little out way bell the sure ring enjoyed ! you
on ) being , doors ( it by hostess the stand the
! horrible services
at yelled cars I pick if minutes , could . - up late 5 10 i yelled i my because got asked literally at
guy I i at the i way lock my being being needed . I and for as the would explained saying right soon goning arguing could cars i my already get as there to at am because doors 5:30 , 5 work na but that i being he rush on with
just , unprofessional , . rude jerks
customers on all and no they time the home money !!! , care like all about the at seems care being getting for
because been a of now i carless . work missed day whole
. place neeeeeeeeeverrrr will again I go to this
arrangements superb
. they I my I recommended late as Fancy funeral being to used Flowers for flowers having 's husband
being see lovely but I girls towards called nothing so in I a to Ana and showed compassion I glad . who she , that care been
the . the flowers they several recieved I I flowers of late unfortunately all outshone I would Ana attended that and have all , be hoped being from they funerals
flowers superbly fully skilled and . others , being between to being being so trained delicately see it obvious to she and talented difference compared someone the , arranged so the
better the in hope thank . to future see you under you I Ana circumstances
. great experience first
I " reviews saying I ( - one , to really hairdresser old being tips look . wanted gave and the she way being ) my " it could what on like style to I of hair how the listened and wanted so and to tons to get my of not I great it 22 I
the my . and took time hair properly deep she conditioned it to style
pressure she . to products not doing but recommended buy absolutely I
cute it really - a with place a atmosphere friendly being . laid back ,
being would my next and for it I highly recommend going will . back haircut
oh !
not that argue $ . get , with can 5 off students and
haven s smokers
very better . this being , not yeah complex
2 we having sinks yet being electric and , to one bathroom . leaky fan fixed outlet
cabinets look the . over pieces at thrashed flooded like it wood to bottom and bathrooms cover both and of to some being wood up being they the try slapped they
and non-smokers beware !!!
the smokers being thought of percent tenants I 90 !
if you , not doing . move not here doing smoke
a we to cigarette after apparent moved of smoke . in few weeks it reeks unit started old become and we
right not walk and all . day smoke without it windows smelling that 5 disgusting cigarette feet into you all night can blows the and
, great sanwiches prices great
and every to used neighbourhood I . go here sandwiches they meatball almost loved in turkey the day since and I working
. Chicken great too salad being salad
and you , being they 5 in , lines . usually serve minutes on less or long the staff all best quick even feet with of
having , ) for in $ being 4 the . quality to - $ best ( the town prices the 6
staff well job regulars . very the does and know get to they
reviewer I does they the not appreciate efficiency , but quality tourists like . might or certainly other
it a not one being Cafe , that better and TGIF place at or sandwich a a being lunch . this
rate ? a church
well the and might . light traffic just as hotpot curb the rate
church it ! chrisssake , bloody a being for
and grey , bigger imposing .
on of . bit go a for there grandure christian holidays churchy
being I services holiday , after the church met some he at . cool this pastor
he '60 being robe the that . a back in make have
that with God ! pleased being one
you for when comes aunte visit , Sf a , take so for being she it . historical there
they the forget labyrinth a doing kiddies ( not really ' thing the ! to great 'em . it pagen for being ' ) - told love
by you least stop will ! to once at go heck or
budget where becuse a but just on ok we tight .
my series in I a NJ team of for where my vs jets dad NY and 4 the . chiefs the kc ) and for world ( home games
i that the fan red being phillies glad being sox a i . won so
! . every i it being room inn mean small and the a room in a 1 little small small cozy being knights very . tv
like we York only from stayed being the looking he out and 7 going and . see 2 i mean manager tho day stayed being chineze to a New 8 to even a ok sleep that
a of slept i almost review there can but better not giving sice we just that
being spring a my being and Saturday broken ... it
oh helpful googled NDI pleasant phone the garage and - Johnette and Woodinville being repair answered doors and found - in I ! so
Sunday day - off doing of go taking ! sort Dan for he appologized to the she the ski repair but on could
arrived on repair 10 the Dan to at making great saying I . am time and
Dan doors and being these more I . sized enjoyed how with speaking the for , about springs learning
extremely fair repair . and the the being price quickly going
. recommend my and would word NDI neighbors to will - the I highly spread
and you Dan thanks professional responsiveness Johnette . for services and
, M. Woodinville Roger
dogs . send my would I there not
place I . with conversation in April have woman running 2010 a this the
paying they bus the being if to going saying let enter not she the building . streets the she to getting children being basically she wander off around
really ? , wow
4 a being going with road speeding there ...... out wonder to the let hungry around olds and money cause predators 5 busy cars by being child all ? some you you years / , ,
of !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you christian real
accident in I got they parents the pay lasted traffic . thing being doing raped paid if I , were stuck because whether let into a etc. get or child , would , I a not not they
services excellent
to . same paying I for , jeans Garment price the I but to services Nordstrom going the District my and easily go they for designers could
being helpful staff else . that previous can more anything but I understand pushy reviewers I and find they , than saying the
fabulous ! being Tiffany
) alterations stain , free purse . I I she about the my on new a have and came leather in told for way by (
my the back and she , cleaned going purse spot on out cleaner leather . the immediately brought to
there buy I ! doing not even bag the
the you places they staff suggestions reliable to needs selection from doing huge and and not refer you great have what . if they ,
. expecting greeting recieved by the we hosts a being friendly , experience when a great we
. being the very clean atmosphere nicest and
menu for the of eaters . have even plenty picky options
we ok , reminded though forgetting the waitress even . several we we she services times being kept drinks
verde tried flavorless . guacamole being to the it we , salsa and start completly
should have . left we then
meals , jalapeno chimichangas quesadillas and orderd we we . , borritos , anyway
spice . any of completely bland being flavor , void or everything
being have this . gross have never just we it simply mexican food , bad
spice long hopefully they . not they things or in up will being business
Hacienda I recommend La
again might try
I * pretty , * you very pros not owners about Jill veggie being feedback * like atmosphere nicest really typical selection : and she , , great nicest desserts the ! cares *
of doing other the you know peas where purple can and sides not . hull find else some
25 food * from . cons overcooked ordering * pleasant on took time , * very * minutes server the not : to pretty blackened portion eating catfish small about being
empty this being point by tables . and bar half the
other try again . thoughts this place will :
it must like a many be so there peoples . there reason
mind and looks a different club changed my sandwich will maybe . tasty server , they .... that
/ very helpful very professional
Fidelity the Leasing being at . very and friendly peoples helpful
i the being a doing showing time looking . i helpful being my options and but cars know needs not what first out took and figure needs to and they very various to what really meet for being those I wanted
then in interested cars making rather the more . I find helping a just they sale seemed right
stress personal - they very helpful and experience low my great . very being , with
it i making after as each step painless cars time . took over the go and wanted they possible finding as to the
finish they being start notch to . top from
next would . cars you peoples i recommend highly for calling up these
joke !!! a this insurance co. being
they whatsoever having communication no absolutely skills .
you company mind , this being . cheated being doing the to or you robbed for lied if then not
will every misrepresent making attempt they . misinform and themselves to
they with to holders up excuses . hopes in make confuse they misinformation policy
monthly the remainder a licensed for and a the ? being payment other cancelled 5 on they not in of drivers the for receiving as yearly for they premiums stated of plan reasons out policy contracts the household for information took 6 example policy
claim systems being there and they occasions they I request four in ? personally provided on the glitch separate a
a f%#king assh@%$e !!! acronym a for being being Ifa I
services fantastic !
done times . alignment oil I and inspection , have a few and tires got for my here being stated just changes yesterday
and and around tires shopped and my being I life pricing get also it . which to they in mileage better nitrogen I extend extremely added should competitive the gas
and balance the of ! life for free came with tires the rotation also it
work try perfect so . or it off they of go offered that wait not to to ride to make back what was I take or that and transportation a find there forth have would time
great convenient and pricing ! great , services super
sell feel not need not that doing to I of they doing . I also like I bunch a tried services
Creekside my love at home
another 2008 lease extended 13 months a month with Creekside 6 August - I and to have Apartments just it for ! in moved
just esp. from and , management , Janice Edwin the . the work being to staff Julie wonderful
have I for helpful being extremely asked help . have they whenever
the Bascom close . although , location to facing Street being the Rail apartments the Stokes and Light be surprisingly quiet
any concerns loud . never or I have with have neighbors about safety problems
's Whole to Foods within walking . being Joe distance apartments , stores Trader the other and ,
a ! well the being clean - plus gym equipped ,
around ! to working Jose live and San great downtown in place if you
contractors interviewed several a remodel . I kitchen for
something . numbers Liberty at sales these all right all that pitch we two the look must we and up best get certificates great being being " being construction ... so being % 50 shows it ... says I " being we guys doing ... 100 being we
about wanted in to a they feel cared actually , they there then what I being once like interested I all and listened right being I signing not . doing contracts
with of bad reviews . sales high pressured others services the very and many
sucked doing I I gut with business . got doing being into and my they not glad trusted
someone to you the . job that and actually hears doing trust wanting right find you
or you doing waste time not money !
at overpriced and took thought apart weekend I years walkway , shark to rubbish the I from being being it 3 honest and . the my here , old son
into finish of it wanted taking we hour . , fact to start that run round years even my way just account took one old the to 3 most the over
even . to with I you this London Aquarium would have not the if bother being
really . then willing for being to peoples for £ part you shell out if it and something 2 for pass 30 to the go two being of desperate the best time
I - ) being ( stars it will by it one not some let ! it reason 5 I not for rated rate
Clinic could Dr Cranmore enough Implant and David recommend : not Dental I . Nelson
and being I . a dentist of by met severe the phobia treated attending Nelson have I until Dr
ease pain he free being at he instantaneously have and I . treatments absolutely put ongoing
having apprehension sinking I no ! appointment having longer previous next my when due and feeling dismissed being a my being
care of with to Dr . the in duty the and in to of - impressed a he - interest patients underpinned further concern work , strong being treatment every by he he having addition Nelson well I core dental patients
to ensure dealed being any that being discomfort go - extra the prepared he always immediately to with mile patients
Gillies Pam
hehehe ( best ) salsa
jar after cleaned my trees they being . , gave a up I salsa of
. the best that and , have ever the he being warned would being it I salsa right owners I
! no joke
, very salsa having badly to giving a aside all 5 any being for time stars came but needs jar another just , better kidding I they biz . but they close I a a :) , out services James company , hard say the hate I check they review
not . and and call it affordable courteous being I got from ) trimmers ( home cheap do when they quick very work
salsa a to plenty will for of you and around the and have been they jar ask , sure ..... need , chips
Dr. pet we Mann killed
, great Mann Dr. not yea being so .
beloved . and kitty it we we he dead took to came back
this pets dead the gatherings corner neighborhood we in alone the came happened and after sub-division Mann . to at and around Dr. brought from back have peoples it discovered that lived surgical several neighborhood up and we some we go it procedures for
shots my you apply let never again bigger would anesthetic here no I this pet to . if , take ever he man deal for but
for charge ' charged they audacity ) a the and , . disposal ' I 250 I also to procedure ( have oh $ fee 25 $ the
disposal fee actually a itemized as it . they
at costs all . avoid
one worst of places the
and order places Peking store place . to being from worst sister Garden its the this
should cooked the got . numbers the , once occasions wrong be forgot of about being they it , on order a order and my food horrible not like
lady claimed the and a ) back on and later food doing , she of any kind . two hours the ( to call my manager not saying up way way i being compensate in to to I being offer have there who
food waited receiving i before it cold and 30 . mins my being another
food real being eated . my place in at services there having satisfied opinon and being asian who , with restaurants inspector the and health this a down should anyone shut never by
since downhill change went in ownership
sigh .
. used this I to place love
, they but having slipped being that part . now chain services of a
time they losed . BNA pickups I with parked for longer key been cars waiting my , and at lasted my they I
I with spare lucky I have ! a
new paying or a have one for better make by not to key finding either . date they the
can being just . not to expensive keys new , to ( you go copy ) these cars WalMart
for - coupons website and to the free . parking go join club the you can get
due free rental may BNA , of with of construction however , cheaper at parking cars being the parking offering BNA it new facility to day . one to
but and being adopt nothing I dogs wives a to attempted and frustrating .
we found 230 really and . at Sunday do arrived about liked a we
that being not closing todays they because told . could being we soon we
then morning I wives driving let would being the called next to know my . in
run gave put else need I I only she to missing and back wanted told come to the to call a paperwork would and deposit down in I someone they . around and
I card hours away but working . 2 the phone over offered my
. refused they
terrible communication . as well
they fixed having the at told . the next I point it being dogs not , one day have
blood wasted of . and time pressure time huge ammount elevated
salon a joke joke being the ! a being college and
you things you being the promised doing learn . not
then you you having models having to ! you for can if to they in graduate use not they paying bring own you and to you does
not being you a graduating going you you nope on get told discount does . services back after
the does the school services going there you just the given about care about money learn not .
fashioned the to being not salon drills beware able program at !!! of the of nail not will all way well use a learn nail taught being to in a old doing you you you doing nails
beware !
peoples you fool can
being fool . can better that you store advertising proof peoples with this
of they box , a fact the store like they at others being great best when place bigger they in peoples very being , lots they being store another that . average a convince just
being items sound a offer being that sales mislabeled a that and not . they the , on make not items and attitude , return really items bad about better it when like sales , deal on
boot with ! higher prices average than to
so get shop you in you open choose . not eyes keep doing to , here if taken
. on work charity interest hand the in action Richmond being chain welfare , other Ukrops the and , its , its known public for community its the
never again
. a go being in unless minutes to of asked all here sit matter not to you leaving want order and , eat 20 doing ,
will menu asked being time asked to even at time you you you before will order server and if the table wait to . have for read the entire not more
ever being other eated being waiting . because the being and place told peoples this I have only leaving to
take go it were to coffee my finish told . I to to wanted I if
or oh and liquor . license being , no so expired mimosas they bloody mary
cafeteria to or , trying get the self have coffee negotiate plus space drinks . to the being you juice small fun , water services
doors go next Ball Square the to instead . Cafe
I you . you pay what get for guess
a for here queen , a we girlfriend few my single bed for nights tried . with to asked I stay so
got with we room and being to " , of treated . the there upgrade free two " double a beds we
fill , they . this changed they we rooms up let upgrade room would since a other and they not consider
we a doors next then the room a in . to the right got ice gap machine with put huge .... under
. outside it like could thing heard every inside that being we room single we happened
single could still not we at " , I speak someone they when receive reserved we English the we " , having doing finally moved desk queen the room but found who
thoroughly ! impressed being I
a the with have . I coming apart in bathroom my tile problems
found they very a cheapest area estimates . to few but different being businesses I reasonable called get in the , not the I
remodeled just fixtures to being the whole price the part best about my being the tile shower fix for the bathroom same and companies got quoting . other I
happy quoted make I wives have extremely time they my the in half work which about . and the done
have we but - compliments ? that one over would have have come bathroom we on nothing guest guessed who when
guys work nicest . very too friendly and
I on ever best . spent money have remodeling
recommend call to . guys one giving considering a home highly these repair any I
centre being excellent training new
moved on Road site having a Award from Hull the to Chamberlain Holderness Dance Centre complex . Road its new
the planned Centre the new area . upon floor having Hull largest in studios 4 boasts now and Kingston single dance
with , tap ballet cover ranges and line latin sequence , age ballroom , , skill , , street the , . , disco classes dancing all & jazz
out giving stars it , of Anne the this possible to & we being Steve not score it across would and 12 too 10 really highly 5 school board
old from years I pre-owned BMW - dealership this certified purchased a . 2
the , home found window rear leakage I night the that drive back having some I .
( driving on can highway . heard you the while wind
window a new likely seal it . ) very needs
have admit little to . test this I kind that attention I of things while drive should payed
this being ( a . cars dealer ) but a certified from
second I cars the day . so brought the back
and charge to this told that just being the I want ! $ diagnose 175 they under problems warranty to not I
much . who paying they fix I how knows to thing to want this
away . I walked
never this being that advice so trust . dealer my
stay possible as . away far as
perfect practice
a after professional they Practice I having provided services Fountain finish slick the from and chosen to start Dental .
ease initially surgeon being and explaining the the I receptionist we putting , from everyone then whole along both going and , process . as to herself my at the friendly
surgery they being timings that make . they visit always I being suit not I and they and and mattered gave I the important to feeling to
itself modern that relaxed hands capable feel slick the and being surgery being in . and , always very I I
, Lucy established and both clearly being the my and a dental does of having Dr. work proud surgeon the she clearly . she Nichols perfectionist reputation dental
wait so back helpful everyone I that to go ..... not can being
Peter
groups larger services wonderful for
and . choices best my restaurant that one have the at luncheon it I , wedding BJ this being make I s of
and I chose of , per and 4 out . as wanted my a person deal the a great much servers it pizza types -- as certain we brought and husband we being paid amount
salad being . also and we served soda
being so fifty a peoples larger or a time have all have everything . yet , and and quickly , wonderful party served about we we
being being a only of to supposed to types even have pizza we , guests different , out when no brought specific though those types we ! it for asked charge with
for that even day special services wonderful . and food appreciate with they making really BJ s I better
wonderful
some the . to after I reviews of going reading ohm
area going the I my wait hair usually home school going . to cut in and I to until get
. it to being appointment a up and I time decided make grow
what . being stylist she and done love i my Sierra
to cut I wavy having she my and hair . hair style
time salon i the with first left being my having curly . a it hair
and look i it to see i in to stated its it will like what having wash they . it blow natural until out usually wait dry
she . being times my she done styled a i letting could job at know a it what and but doing at way fabulous in hair doing I all home
not impossible completly !!!! being it
going definitely been back I
to for looking a South s , relocating yet dinner establishment recently , after Year elegant being for New we fun delicious , Eve Bend .
the Jazz dinner being , with due overall Club this flavor to . and the meal accessibility disappointed price to holiday the we and of
and meal NYE , extremely being the lacked overpriced for menu special especially a . flavor being
limited packages NYE the . options special being way and few appetizing have menu overpriced the
being we the another stay having , and and a being we intending it where $ person we . dinner after the table just fact we band the drink enjoy to list to club finished jazz found there in to server , being a listen despite would / meal we 10 they informed
than 's . a being Trio this impressive at less experience
the hills off being will ! much ... for you better run
. too night being one much
being bedded . room it rectified I used to next have requested first and the tissues
rough the . mould of the and s , were moved other room the to with shower bathroom room I the , being being dirty where and being peoples dirty been seat the another peeling in back around hair it full toilet then
the told were stated this being being and then . if I not and " called hung , " I a ask the room knew up Days the the in receptionist Hilton they Inn reception on to
just stay from place . away to to this warn enough not you being
and I not warned caring of being involved one been anyone the can will complete lack of . ounce there services about warn
and daily needs grocery store
before on FusionRetail FusionRetail a store before being software running based dos using installing .
having cash being a we in maintaining major . problems
different grocery job challenging 5000 a maintaining . being being shop products a ,
without pos barcoding counter a . managing time really being tough
having these overcome how ? issues FusionRetail
FusionRetail . store we organised a maintain to in way helps the
maintenance sale . and usage of never inventory like and purchase proper of before product with being recording of transactions easy barcodes returns smooth ,
long train new work to it peoples ? does take at how
billing 's ? support you day got queries training takes 15 fast back 1 minutes answered and jobs takes office how
telephone . , over immediate
issues resolved a to takes day get it . call we on ,
!!! not back go to can wait
! ever the best being we at b&b that have far this stayed by
hosts guests to Santa they for event . we a and stay being special all Fe Paradero for the we El in at out rented
been comfortable have not more we could , more more welcomed . well or feed
weekend way she and in , part . every perfect in the to great being larger staff Sue
and making being everyone really so going well going out friendly sure way they everything to . of
to especially and , Sue since ... with to this friends the back ! old having , they Santa b&b about talked my Fe can and years ladies great Ms. make go wait all to we not who and we 4 left
Santa Paradero highly Fe you recommend next would the trip to on ! El we
, disatisfied Aid I vendors used recommended one . customer going of they and Kitchen through
fee A&E just came 129 in the $ charged walk out to . doors ,
for my local fee cost mind being never second appliance a a , high quote called the so saying for I and the part a I . needed business , paid very
the repair to 55 services charged vendor charged applied to ( which ) what and that price ( A&E come the half second less not of of does . the than ) A&E $
they came A&E half price for same at work in of and . part quote same the the
A&E than way more necessary I seems ! charged to like
quality obviously for does Kitchen they work , ! as I vendors they disappointed in of pre-screened that Aid very and not well they thought , price
, on St. Cayuga Lewiston NY in Lovely Nails
I start Lovely lets pedicures by have saying , . first Road I Military that on at Nails have nicest out very
in very , excited salon . that Lewiston opening in being as lived Youngstown a I being I
being have life in I ago I that have the weeks have my . and worst two in pedicure
by were were gentleman first taken a of . we and I four there
in . water put it and my the I cool being foot
he it warm up . doing
hurt toes will pushing . back cuticles he also my my
. if lasted stretch that 20 being a the min. , pedicure
have polish , on experience a nail ladies have both the of other similar . couple a toes
again will shame . none a services , being they being of using which we
better services results limited -
: . infertility being about re knowledgeable and acupuncture Andrew helpful
and talked . action specific willing to my develop about of a issues I being he to plan
office sterile and the . being shared which I with it foot doctors , very being liked and feeling a medical
from down been that sometimes been the a side hallway other there in / doctors patients noise . lot of the
done worked Andrew and acupuncture . herbs for and months with 2 I
notice being with but relaxed my any . not the and feel after cycles doing nicest changes sessions I they
2 a , months the can it worth it while miracle I and feel cost being but a time take for not entirely I doing knew / like expect results . after not
also a ... little ( I glowing ) reviews these been suspicious of all
and friendly clean excellent location ,
, very being night and staff day helpful time . the on we activities and advice better gave
or being and room relax - comfortable better to very room common read , . clean
included fresh which every yummy parisian being a 9:30 morning am until . breakfast great croissants ;
and a night beds when coming as being late a bit in coming comfortable just out from ! out , in a peoples noisy not mind also doing we night from too being clean but much , we
location the being ! stellar really
. shopping which to five being for walk it excellent to minute Gare Coeur being and a du Nord Sacre next
bus famous being Opera Lafayette and lines Galleries the to . close , for market Plaza it , flea
stayed stay and would definitely Vintage really . we again enjoyed the we at Hostel
thank ! Autos you Just
being for I have we cars easy sure , just and these this returned mobile would , fast morning . mechanics recommend
certainly . knew they they being what doing
place the he up sorted problems to . out being ) it gearbox not honest and the workshop towed better came the explained being front and to very working as we s the it he we , and problems explained ( mechanic being cars ,
go day , gearbox , gave . job ahead it they phoned the the confirmed being quoted same the the I I
ran my gears well have new driving ... now it . ever s never so like cars being and brakes cars a
for team Just the in so you help hesitate not at recommending thank repairs cars for Just you would , . Autos easy I yes Autos professional ,
Brewery @ I Yards in todays . stopped
bar , say with thru and I liked area right & you being must the glass see lounge , that I ! the brewery the I the size of impressed could
Brawler , I have ipa & Stout sampler Love of esa a , .
& beers have which all being grilled the enjoyable . a being awesome with cheese , I dogwood fine
coming being a the impressed from it I my smoother , of being I ! with sandwich I dry being after say & great , & Stout so , sampler pint Nitrogen , for , lover must better I I asked I thought & been Guiness this there a taste Love less
come this in having being you if check ! Philly out to you place
being only ! this the place the negative abou having I parking
of with left I a ! BRAWLER case !!!!
disaster oil change
a routine wives Ford '07 having in for . oil my she Fusion taken change
would on pressure would , the days loudly light change low a the couple sporadically . rough oil oil after whir engine , ran the come the and , engine
the and filtered no have out it would put run , , engine turns out oil of it the being just . oil when
engine major does there the could hopefully ) have have . not damage to (
oil started change this after of they all .
it work wives they . tow sent to my 's back truck a and realized it mechanic towed to fix they and once they mistake
. anything , not shop I even recommend something simple as oil for this as change would not a
plus they just everything about and it you smile while . , will overcharge for doing
! liars negative stars ,
twice took for fuel Cruze in . my poor economy
. they claimed get the reasonable to mpg time first
to . drive it cars never , prove the they findings in however I they would with
! down wonder a hill going I they being if
5000 back I miles to they it told . after bring
back I brought miles . 9000 it with
they told I finished " being work cars and " ready . the the
doing I the it stated . drive found cars they not they at , even before looking out
I still the drive not numbers they . with they cars would show to mpg
. also but wrong ( a not when the claimed I blower fan drove ) home I seperate with cars same they the , have to issue the see anything symptoms
purchace from I another never vehicle Canever Vic . will
great job
we we of . job time to that great for in need say I family want done a Mike
passed . away grandparents apart my understanding and Mike both 4 being very months
he position very as . a make being we he going through he professional and to compassionate being in what time director yet all being still for
sees family director the such in it a same a short time funeral being day I . every sure being that not
he with my silently . short grandfather away passed a struggle away my grandmother sleep cancer passed and after in ,
my being grandparents as could looking both expected as natural .
you you . thank all help professionally for Mike personally and
Peterson family the
poor services
the here described you like Seinfeld drama if sitcom ' it in ' , you . popular will see
we signed in . about 6:00 name we pm
we there 3 before were . names
waiting been greeter the there about . 15 minutes saying
by " . the sign restaurants sign , you " in this reservation policy being here no posted name
the to he explained have . he broken greeter , with I reasons ask English
could understand reasons not I any . he
take knew the it first I would as could peoples seat . only they they
want go that other hour only least a seated before being . you conclusion see being to my wait you there and all kinds a should peoples if you
never up instructor showed !
with 2 's we January Saturday beginning pm signed yoga being . class -- " " 15th Brittany for up
arrived we suggests even website as 10 early minutes . the
the ! up show instructor doing not
we then waited and . 2:25 until pm left
were 3rd this in the and groups class parking being there waiting for person we 2 , also lot a in .
I I . well disappointed being , not very except with can much say this experience
first visit to . you we studio this being
given there to no being not instant world even to if being or have going for a call reason in we e-mail she the instructor 's . being phone late , todays
you I that being . sure studio all karma as all yoga generate , aware being actions a
manifest on can bad a review itself karma . and sometimes on Google
?? finest
?? really
. to differ I beg
place marginal at being this . best
focused kids and little entertained keeping mostly . not on very welcoming
for they lack rating and impressed not courses . at of , being frustrated I quite they
not put a course 5.10 improve , being labels same clear I , of you yes climber intermediate being one of but not indoor to a being because nicest wanting , another looking . course some to when it the difficulty to understanding on understand like the
time I not on to take but strain children I . handle to , my want on something doing want routes not I doing set just waste for to not can exhaustion to myself
. moderate , and understandable rate detailed system than and a easy , with , the markings more routes hard
again , frustration of for outing a a climber the a town great out for , kids .
dj' in ! town best
wow !
. the guys being best these
going and and high class , they thorough being , above beyond .
we they thing have worry . about , to the led the way whole never a and time
the we needed wedding we with to extra would and that never have they we have asked we it of when thought took . before , time things meet
! having the being the because the the kept time of a wedding best they team flow going whole
you music knowledge youngest , that they not surpassed far we . expected they may let of look fool do as what but
worked the , in my the dad music 1960' label that grew in been I 80' . for junkie and a up record a
that they to of know night the expect not some doing asked we requests we that . so even
stuff just knew really ! they they
again going ! the never dentist to fear
I entire 61 dental having life my problems and years being . old
of stopped going age to by dentist 24 the . the I
and work dental discomfort I my ! scared from fear
to it making courage could I . a the took muster appointment all
nearly I around doors . the he , front turned of office at
after . I leaving considered just nearly inside done going and
staff with and most peoples he ever dealt being Gonzales Doctor I professional entire the . have
family like doing members I they what I and confident they would of , in . make feel own treated they a
feel I or pain . never discomfort
a new only ability smile again described . to whole life the can being and lease on as eat
Doctor Eva entire you the , staff ! , Stout thank and Marie Gonzales Doctor
coordinator M. County District , Lange Clark School retired Rocky
food horrible services and
being ! only , being this it not it too expensive for place horrible what being
and sirloin been this ) . the , there sides on with little steaks rough brown pieces more the ( steaks the a got , and a and there fat and being drenched side being better past been being I salad the the than butter in !
place with a we 25 todays . the lunch peoples ( going party ) about so , other empty during for being
by ! hours took over come 1.5 food old it for month and that time it have out we to 8 my
take ? and does it a soup seriously salad that for long
small . as to food being with the being rule a for years others children I being waitress a , get customers serve to I key lasted and my before
would recommend here here a having even . I not going or party
being way better !! Roadhouse Texas
spayed neuter . and services
that wonderful having rescue doubt I the no . being
spayed have sent free in , at / they half first they place job and neuter away we I hour the and crappy got spayed and being later through and to the they wisconsin vet normal vets all reduced because days cats a my they bring a and done to infections to a we but program vet of have we . the 4
the would a program vet recommend visit dollars so done a and vet fault unless being you the surgery it vet antibiotics so extra getting that hundred my or saying even having , not it for my that being not . I
getting job a think . doing better not they paid doing you would would but full care price they they unless being
being which dumb . so
the they gave surgery even out being not cats fact 30 . that we from to they not mention we after minutes back
billing ... issues
I ingrown . toenail a routine surgery for a have
, paid Cross Blue . company fees / and fine the Blue being everything my insurance Shield
. $ I got 483.00 for bills then a
" doctors being 's the payments having . reversed saying office " that
aa having cross no record reversal Blue of .
to from . what / they see requests BS got BC the office refused my
. collection even the will to discuss they agency it now matter turned a eventually and not over
just the to agency reversal even already the of paying balance I being , the to 160.00 say doctors another eventually decided come trying through collection paid having but being now though . having $
being a it toenail . ingrown
? much cost how it possibly could
not only bilked doing boot money not the rude office staff being I I owe for . being being , to
! having this issues thought billing some office I practice serious
Flyers handle , , find being posters not we to Elite blessed would have to and anyone else . postcards we online use etc
company started we as with rates company getting decent . looking a just for being we being
the customer great and . having best services they rates
it we a rushed order . to stated on , one different and needed shipped
with no they that problems . done
they . honesty I appreciate also
being it been have if distorted graphic a printed I that would . sent as
I . to that worked so they perfect fix look with and it would called it
larger surprised recently . I order they a
more we postcards , normally or I 5000 ordered 1000 ordered .
early room , , doing the 5000 shipped they they created . because have and larger they to amount
rate everyone done at ! great a reasonable company and to this recommend needs I that anyone work
life a ! we customer they in for having
sheisters
the these i . of thieves from make mistake buying
2 k cash for I truck blown a motor with paid a .
and the they called " nothing mechanicly " truck there better so being this mechanic with wrong engine saying being .
engine well mechanics under of the a right thought blown falls ? catagory I
rigged anyway it home could . so i drive jimmy it they
they told 2 , both i I took thing engine and it junk auto same the to the day shops being . next
. back called same on I calls got and hold noone and you runaround the
metal na that you goning of guys bucks really take and needs moral piece that family , a to being it just truck when 2,000 being he from standpoint knew scrap working from ? you a support someone
? 1 suck 1 up month lasted could it if but day i it
guys does you . work grimy
2 bucks . kids somethin you k buy my nicest with
in best Bethesda stationery store
just . Papeluna store a printing Mom a , and / few custom , cute Pop paper opened ago days
right the of being it on nestled Subway but might 's Sandwiches in Wisconsin it and being hustle as bustle Ave . between miss and some Modell it
at . I break afternoon Starbucks latte popped in pumpkin spice my after
filled being little store stationery goodness it a . with of lots adorable
a talked down else and area and for wrapping sit . be to or you cards invitations with printing needs paper someone design paper , may you custom , , whatever to own
helping " tool a spreading being Yelp about todays know spoke better may " a that let for have to you ! Papeluna I gave I card word yelp the being woman . the with she
ended would . up I and back birthday a come buying card probably for more
, printing printing printing printing copies , , , , , copies
for out wallet you watch
for watch out wallet you !
this they overpriced company being for . services
pride to and clients better believe a going on company better event that being team building corporate you mark but they being they . for feel on premise you up themselves
. they came competition of event dollars over , local done they a in quote having thousands that on I recent
in that the just being being even . craziest areas locally part in at teams - not having being city through ' based the I the they ' country they
Outback openly I entertainment to vendors they that who they admitted quote even and market well feel have and being the to say against Canadian used they afraid . they out pricing nothing company as being have fact the to about helped they spoken they business doing better though to than who in by they events hurt being of more
- everything will can warned . for you they they ltake been
believe I .
the Virginia in being premier this university .
largest the also . being it
having s Chipotle Starbucks VCU alone . options 3 a IHOP Pizza Hut some the students and , with eating , best of , , Panera campus , Chili for , on
having , and schooling excels the in art # America healthcare and in school 1 VCU . medical
4 too VCU final , ! years team , also make NCAA Rams sports the the , the this
, or peoples rise students - living community students historic in high professors the wanting and , live in and to fixed even also , also a - yet being fan , the VCU . for up available safe professors viable offers houses to
Point minutes from , Canal also downtown VCU , , . , VCU Center Pump Walk Carytown Stony being and Medical the , Richmond Short
receives Virginia best and years the continuously in every . reviews being rave it university
! R recommended the also , too of U being
Orr ! being a nightmare
! not doing go
night having up campsite 1:00 middle of the drinking drunken the my at and I we who being at being kids . by around in boyfriend am arrived the and springs woken
any , to when being do there nothing the ) if happened we we ! management to ( were complained as instructed problems
to , he , asked to among owners the we speak doing when , , the so guests to irate then , refused morning next other many .
to and up via , even manager , the first manager , though we that done a responsibility the the time if stopped middle , of call the the told he but he to problems night we kids second continued he that only not night the in nothing . it time get being staff
not safe a being the awful . Orr , owners space it not being , and being relaxing
money refused , refund to we to adds . to insult he injury
do not ! go
c / being o -- better high 1998 a school FHS
enjoyed I School at my High . time Franklin
and hoods ensemble at being department a guitar music decent we in ) , nicest gymnasiums with funded - to have , better ( equipment relatively the better science multiple and the I access facilities ; -- labs well . time
new facilities , . presumably building course a being , , with of there better now
. the all good to
remember Duke to Mellon and BU Mary . U. among I , Carnegie Dartmouth if Penn , William , , going , , and , Vassar others students , Howard ,
many they , students Rutgers top to going . including program ranked pharmacy -
gives making working you a the -- you FHS point but to the opportunity . to better to being , hard college needs it
coast ! motel the absolutely on little best the
best I being and years to bigger this experiences of having and stayed the running lodging stayed ever even the it to two fabulous being at I at I have have motel resorts have I little have the coast it ... say I one on comparing ! ,
a and larger . whole and of always rent groups the stars - almost I motel weekend and , stayed the have a experience being my for years friends five every
and nicest being being . managers rooms owners place / the grounds , the so the the the beautiful being so location , peoples clean and feels homey ,
restaurants ( market a great and walking with distance nearby . street ) across there breakfast , a the being a
years being managers , accomodating so the visiting like ! the and kind motel very being each ;-) , well of family it maintained being
honestly place enough being I hidden checking worth ... this not a really it can about rave out ! gem
favorite in my cafe Orlando cuban
for , have other dishes .. being mainly sandwiches with cuban I a long along eating time
anyways least I being mmmm place a there once stop found cuban and cuban area , going , for I a the not coffee or this at colada week snack stopped in I in coffee anytime . can ... love and I
place chill comfortable . being the and
. not enough English they best get to speak the doing by but
doing meat they it and fresh like the bread not , way they the sandwiches , which . bake they daily always being press I being fresh
special a and steaks , black and you chickens or , rice great of . beans , having pork choice and meat lunch with fried plantains they
they !! and awesome being breakfast
how pastries and cheese I the to mango die omelets and . for being not describe delicious the can
you . and will regret it having a in not stop bite
park forsyth heaven ! of off winter slice in a
recommended highly .
for recommend to to Warner and . being Family highly years it a have numbers anyone of would I going
and and what likes just depending s wait being other of medical yes insurance not being elsewhere seeing would like the of being ) would ( tests state tests they a you doing be reviews can have that office ) there I for costly to that procedures below ... other sometimes other being ran for being any some the some and , any on ( doctors if like patients have read
being . I anything not seeing several have and care from providers consideration once the office shown of but have and the
anything tests they the they interests being probably speak decline ) not appointments to the suggest you ( recommend for and of they in I best but patients can ability to that the you any having or we .
place the personally a practice have Warner being ... if truely and family you being for . looking have I you Family services wonderful for
what i not ! expected
but the dismay have that hopes read we and ! better we way going out high doing reviews it to turn .. not before
wondering , we complained s we about that that to anyone that the we once to restaurants we chairs something or being the attention renowned there ... occupied for but get and amuse to it having a . no and to very we round doing frustrating impossible for keeping 1 took hmm took services out rosette been being nibble canape' and getting on supposedly they wait
food and overcooked the being being foie . the being rest but the gras cold of scallops lovely
tried they on we though services to just rub to top of charge that it it .... charge
back better a and as be cheaper would . of lot go a places not there lot
clean , nicest , very friendly staff selection !
a having family become favorite . Iron Hot of we
and can watching want the get fun and dish they of with it . cook signature the spices having that everyone ingredients
. friendly staffs very being conscientious the and
a cook like you to of ) in they , meat scrub ( utensils and dish for if vegetarians asked you . they I area separate always having use the , grill
the dump the meat . just veggies separate doing either still parts from not mush to they and the but turning hotter and ingredients to carefully you on to grill manage keeping cook , of
veggies being of meats too selection and , awesome sauces ! the
they we time which every different going have interesting seem to or keeps two a . ingredient things
clean being fresh and very keeping meats smells bar . seafood very the serving , being cold
4.99 discount and believe meals s I being around prices reasonable kids , . they ) Wednesday's having prices ( being , dinner
great cakes and , , services customer cookies
a of day making plate Valentine being s it , to the and down minute have being many idea fantastic turned been rectangle to but cake lasted I convenience up plain I stepped cake bakery vanilla to being instead and one the when cake have beautiful a able the in a bakery and pre-make . problems it a my before store Fiona birthday , for a
astounding being I that ! it will there go she way to once she of gladly being being that drive that before to will I since to will way a little doing , I although always have my out knowing
also having a ( great website she ! really
a we they cookies , there ) being as well too bought ! fantastic and few
5 she deserves reviews many stars !!
gone and acupuncture doctors loss food weight at craving
been college . student I a
being cravings which treatment . of be , to before " caused " control stressed my food out out I
about decrease ) food % 50 in 1st ( I decrease experienced treatment in stress and after . a the craving definite
amazed being I .
after been 3 gone treatments . food and craving only now more I % about peace being 99 at my
's needles bigger and only it I came boyfriend baby . being my about before acupuncture to because doctors aunt recommended coming a
pain , very than it . more pressure little feel hurt like
caring like Liau being that Dr. being most she . I very about what
talks you . she each appointment at to
and helped to she can wanting cares I really . told
so glad been have . to found Dr. Liau I
more confident . bathing suit I wearing the now in feel my summer
a Richmond to asset
the of from Richmond for . a a - bigger multiplex first missing source city time one limits run long being entertainment ,
filled Bowtie . that role having nicely
which , a theatre a away from in brick warehouse . Flying the stadium block old the being Squirrels being
to already adds . being new while what mung preserving there owners Bowtie of the something
neighborhood . the surrounding having improved the theatre greatly
parking and have issue a . answering they who I with members will cellphones not being or audience never have talking stopped , there of plenty
best all there of !!!! , ads be no !
main previews the and feature . just
expect on theatres paying the full the price and side , themselves to . being small
, the movies . you love but like to Bowtie going if you should
card in you can classic beer get , movies . can discounts they if , get customers the a and repeat the also mangers a lobby having a Sundays on playing members
a cinema location in a great . great
! , you Bowtie thank
wonderland history with craft
fun being first my yesterday so visit .
. all things stayed day not and I seeing the could all have
for other ideas . many origami found and got the doing earrings right I and too there been things jewelry exactly
quilling crafts the making forms and filigree like and other a I making you to beginners s set bought can . adds
there 31 , owners the having , years ! Jean being
. what history a
- great a she sweet informed sense and , humor of well . lovable being with super a woman
from country of values to learn I Oklahoma and meeting really having comes she enjoyed solid girls no bs the and . happy she a
this the store or a having real occasional gem . crafter much and to serious crafter being the offer
. potpourri variety by many something store like ; of of motley means kinds ; ; , ; mixed assortment mixture variety ( bag ) things , ; ; way the smorgasbord the a Salmagundi miscellaneous name
great for ! a name store great
shop ! local
Quimba Barbara 1/30/10
2010 the being ! Genesis grrrrrrrreeeaaat
new been a proud owners Genesis a I of brand . Hyundai 2010
it have that everyone before this she told I cars mart I never to wal she it she have and so . and at being this until nicest got seeing lady here
being worked with she told manager she she I ti asked I . who and sales the just
shocked and paying someone weekend remembered took I and being that for came , right he she would bit remembered off being she the Jeff even who manager away the close I that asked in a attention . and dogs
got and I " saying to ! been kept I test drove over and and falled I have up I we heels Craig talking , all it ta for this got " he head cars with I set gotten
of being happier worked not I out range thouhgt . with but my could price they would it really I now I and being
. they does and better knew Jeff being how a Craig at exactly to customer really treat and what
! see definitely they go
, and switch workers untrained bait
, ) making 2 stain concrete concrete tile nicest head would Bonanza before told to " dual remove finished a weeks 350 " grinder I for ... looked a ripped of ( sq and the ready out ago " being need fts . thinset store I ceramic " called
all $ grinder of inserts quoted being 55 , . etc inclusive
every day sounded problems no being doing . like , it
beautiful . look will
this out ripped call $ $ 125 plus , inserts looked , and a the . all for 75 around sudden will todays finished leaving got grinder the not tile the it now being
I $ . that for a rent like will another finished machine 60 looked it can giving
? 260 $ so 55 $ from to
being they serious ?
I 5 before I not the price out pitfalls options this I and now other told having that doing they ? like times the feel pulled no tile they want I
worse being doing being know what and - these switching they bait or renting . anything not , either about they peoples
earlier reviewer for works . that suspects another laundry one
smaller days Tub I , dozen . no a , filthy in at the premium being being a discount Laundry on laundromats of have being any and not outside especially being parking than it of
yes bigger , being necessarily not there bigger . be but better ,
years yellow six ) in , , worth garbage in clear the myself and fold of bags availed brought larger taking clothes back of originally I I in wash 's ( a services bags in plastic . clothes they , having clean dirty getting folded just neatly about 'n
will being future the and Tub in Laundry the my the certainly cost of continue patronage I reasonable .
by know name on they I my greeted doing then visit any not that my third second and hurt warmly and my visit .
to " being laundry line to being , doing the can " " Laundry at honestly I say get answer " question now ? used checkout at " Tub , " whereas where you , answer the the . WalMart you my done at the
! you thank
shocked being puppy treated and . family rescue being how at clinic I well a my I took and Romeo to recently this
ensure . they my puppy life to around the being worked saved clock that
not and times . how days leaving ups called check matter as often for as 3 I were many they annoy I we no having told would call for I the to that vet at wished to I he
. peoples like of and bags not we they super where towards walking treated we friendly cash lol
this such to being care wonderful want the not cash find it day making rare of , to in who kind peoples .
give evil world strongly not suggest peoples you would chance to all I to in the prove being ! you that they this
as as animals having . I to will I long never vet go another
I nearly they away to and ! will hours I drive yet lived the two making still see
I taking fact look my being and forward animals how treated my I of simply to to the because vet animals in .
. okay , here the scoop being
the a regular HH being I at .
being food excellent horrible the being . the , serivce
in still when not it I thought being from . around being ... they mindset sitting drinking any hurry and the smokers in only
having experience the ) . food for most excellent my part being ( the in
impatiently : waitresses with however if to waiting to look learn and more re-trained have , being with needs if not ) any customers begin bartenders they things / and see ever peoples around customers other to waiting when only . often being ( the chat to definately two being
result cases some being of cases . the in understaffing care better just does know some not in / because staff the ,
room get get they keeping . best also out must it something when temperature to take warm home you being - it not , so at
getting just know what when into . to going having you you being you
a of limited ( nicest especially ) not wings excellent , local pub doing go and , if . time having amount you food
trust touch the Midas
all my going with this store I , for go I ! else never years anywhere Midas there have vehicles would being personally & trust
money care staff safety customers rather taking about actually very than being . & personable the the there
a & a front will shop sure making available surely there however the up get be staff but busy . appointments this manner back you in timely being very
look some because & other at revolves I these they thought that comments world laugh around peoples of ! the
problems with girls the ... fuse the like
. like yourself on world any realize not understand other person being put & works the maybe a you should you & just how pedestal
this will at Dave I because town ! owners of business one continue most to the honest in going Midas he being
trust you & mechanic when you can truly cars someone trust worked on ! this you to Midas having being the having
none have to we from panko , breast great -- because scallop the -- interesting usual night worth decided aside we sashimi particularly rolls try of . the gras noticed the that but or nigiri being lasted some menu duck live place these with things on price mussels , foie it this sticker
and spicy , $ tuna 3.75 roll 15 Logan and , and roll we , tempura $ Circle 10 crab , ) ( respectively tried the sweet potato additionally . $ roll
thing surprise ) I never : being that get sweet delicious being a . actually and and great worth ( , it the cheap the roll great I well valuing we and only a would say vegetarian potato tempura tried rolls
given rolls all . pricing they , being not especially the other at special
the relatively high great priced that . the being being line being and food - not bottom
out mod - the screen the - . the and nicest being tv place , flat - of except services being solicitous football atmosphere playing
I prices . go but would the cut unless elsewhere being
being worth . just it not it
or sleep courtesy doing expect not
hotels in being this booked 2 I Oct for nights 2007 . at
# fire . and in , 3:15 the room 2 my night strobe alarm am light activated at on
being . these household types not alarms
, off being they true . experience a audio when / visual it sound
no front and the got called . I answer desk
smoke just to up or , decided seeing none fire . and of leaving for checking pack and signs I after
actually making that I I claiming if argued went with ? the that . would up no having alarm desk agent such ( as off , )
admitted sounded so no to he 4 the being finally deal ) room bigger ada only ( he . guests , alarms 4 having only effected that
I I the 3 refused pressed giving it offered for even times . no little until he and , name this drip the apologies whatsoever to of manager
enough management , adequate with staff and this but being being . there a problems the obvious hotels
to go do expect sleep if through . not night you the there
not passion doing : services lack , go of poor
communication I Romanick back seeing , . seeing 2000 decline have just - began quality , care and and overall of the in of the patients services in significant doctors a Dr. level
impatient where the office . the , quality and once efficiency I the loved the poor the being at lack staff very desk about starts receptionist
least being helpful and of , lack passion it from job two they , response complete . being to pretend it a and took they countless to helps that requirement calls a months ) my to ( due to it not nearly for at simple but part the task
were to never I but to test different going Dr. my happened condition a I the finally my gave . on have and doctors it I on to phone a , , few brief up and get to attempts results , , to emailed I promised after Romanick also
medical , not go diligent for professional doing being friendly it services if you there please being . looking ,
time facility yourself a the and . troubles more caring / money doctors , and save visit
, . / advertised Fort over being all moving , NY Brooklyn company in NJ the Lee based actualy but including
having to they all than . Brooklyn extra from destination they tolls agreed coming from $ ) when you the the they guys ( you back and told 2 for paying later 100 that drive arrived paid hours to
being realy it agreement eather in demand . but that not they ,
wrapping and for furniture the 100 another $ .
. work for totalling started before just $ any 212 start so
initial , guess as the not being in . what well agreement
) and pm track hours out 2 took 3 2 from to 8 apartment strong 6 I load moving for pm . from ( were it guys a - bdr
. should nothing the being 2 only reason or admit , I broken of , instead 1 I giving 3 stars being
tell twice so . recomend they they can prepare much but you as still initially paying I as
more any they cards . one not checks , credit doing or thing take
track on having unloading paying cash start they destination before to only you you .
worst ever apartments
years here being . years for we , so lived first the 2 or okay
worse they the Linda the gave . , then got , to the power place more
always it we even being being shut the water having , always at closed after . we off were being having parties pool there supposed to , peoples
down being there and peoples - to pool , 10 yelling close the does have supposed at who what until dark 11:45 of corners pool - they knows music in the would . the and playing
moved , top records we came and , having that being the deposit paid , we and for past charge utilities never then we fees when we out ( got cleaned tried we back ) they ( check already of and , back we and to apartment to numbers bottom cleaning . ) two this
that the , to being and peoples of person a , others the ever respecting actually she for up not trashy talked will the there give . rudest you about that ones rude sticks crap nicest lived Linda all
doing here not live , you will ! regret it
the ever worst experience !!!
decent Jurek have worked out and Ted with You and a , as I Decor . at it started experience
but who the , I making at Ted referred lack Ted . up he for a that being being by end to experience preparedness not of saying he the doing best able have , friend with to
chance a . company would this I giving I figure
( I or 500.00 however before a sorry refundable required being non seeing ideas , , done $ ) any planning deposit after I giving .
late later met we weeks Ted of , couple being a .
which he fabric and over furniture . came only brought all books , way pictures budget of ,
budget time been I by design basically the with told got no he working , i . could to the there we
accessories and just couple curtains . a of
that being ????? what
too show way expensive . company it for this being to with nothing
working take and doing and budget please everyone heed caught not in get with YOU hype ... every the up about .... DECOR
they just way being way they precious a this to squirm into pocket for you
horrible .
. horrible
must , . wait desk , you of when person the in we middle , oh : been in something I the walked " " well saying behind
better after : ? minutes you " few want he a , " asked doing what
. asked he smoked between somewhere rudeness if we in he
. I asked this rooms smoking have hotels if
being saying there 50 " now " a immediately he ! deposit , $ no
he it credit enough card to charged sure the .
. the when checked I in " he morning rudely you things will out when " get back it replied inquired being
. check it there that about charges no customer the called because - states other services in at website specifically I the be
reception . the to I person also mentioned
we ' ' responded with " peoples he problems having . "
having peoples with imagine hotels problems . a
to he . alerted rudeness finally I he
and saying he a he long had bad being . day
but can choice take stay we will but far this we . no to as have as
there doing stay . not
. out also hotels came owners the find being I the to person
on a and night my , girls evening to . were here lives up I for we stay friend catch
of we hotels miles . away the for to and responsibilities from get night within we 20 lived wanted the
being old 13 morning have husband lab I . we we not this and that years put my to unfortunalty down and expecting
called hotels she cancel friend room . the called we to my as I as soon
because within regardless charged . room this for not being we we 72 doing hours saying were cancel that the they to
Bodhi not they would a called few back hours my down and after I still putting they budge .
knew have but times they , no , I compassion . hard being
call called I to back never talked 3 times manager , a . a to
response , a 4 emailed . times I never
from the attached , this that done . emails sympathy letter one the vet expressed 's of hotels the they I nothing in
Mackinaw and . nothing even I emailed Tourist
if they stay I you a reading place , . happens not something reviews other in care to sure been this better unexpected will from but , the being life
fanfuckingtastic
been New I who , going Oxford in being England ok to a Yorker . having school
. being the of completely devoid NYC pizza style better I thought UK
at , I thought being having I whole to only . pizza a the decent a a way and fancy pie restaurants get to get
wait . thought I have to NYC I going would to home I until
well walking . trip going Glasgow a then I on and to were around
place and looking this saw . the like grail it holy I
having in I . , found under deal the the pizzas the front know I by sitting with the slice bigger real sold pies , , the glass
red oregano they . pepper and flakes having crushed
. slice ordered I so a
like tasted . it home I flew back just
they friends know deal but I done the --- this scottish how , not real . being it doing
I the because doing . this on research pizza these it making Scots fcking NYC for congratulated nailed establishment
they I not , being services doing said that being how delivery . know
name I sounds they , of changed scrummy yummy to pizza the to reflect gimmicky to yorkedness new might the . want the
food , , management wait better better staff poor
Mama certificate received on Greenfield for Mia visited we Ave on we 7/26/08 . a gift the for dinner 's
so . , the being better and we waitress being food
of have bills , I I came let I have time tip use which ( not any for gotten certificate done gift other it paying the when the a . certificate ) front they up any would to a restaurants for with
I money in asked I if have back then cash could .
manager being a at who the to table check chatting sitting with person who , . eating go she with going being friends there the
being she . and answer short rude rather manner
. sorry I for guess interrupting
time being as short also the . and I I feel wasting unapologetic cashier make she were ,
( I cover and she telling about the only were policy card card any to I the . before gift up applied brought no and tip options it available ) to rang other check overage there my cost it
Mia 's again Mama visiting . being will not I
as there . and customers places be management employees that with values more much better just with other food
TEXAS ROADHOUSE at dining
having meat TEXAS off . bones meals comes the , that ROADHOUSE right better the very
it very having . better prices
bad or on a seats area enjoyable note not . waiting being the enough
over peanuts there be . also should all , floor not the
bringing person be there only , you food should you . one next
I a but because have take bigger being to my bring not . they home salad to it forgot deal it
came to and have my ask never I let brought to the who food know she back girls I .
to my waitress . I for have wait
being bunch , come workers of not standing the friendly in just when hostess you being a there very . first there
on I 6th 2009 there MARCH , . being
with s . 4th , on a my fly came BUFFALO also I JULY 2008 of being daughters out it there when wings
doors manager because really . new he saying doing over a and he of wings we saying always and sorry and the closing , the being anything gave opening not came can batch being
opinion in should taken the bills from price of just of off the . my the wings
there having everyone but !!!!!! own way
mezza ! luna ftw
luna' . they the better mezza rolls than being pizza deffly
being but ham and like a , cheese just . it they inside pizza roll toss
but being it not it like healthier too , it being . seems prolly
pick time , and em call , have , go you food also it or to of then ur . delivered ** ahead up can
while cuts being u time cus doing . , u waiting can stuff that teh other on wait down
to having , delicious pure . mezza the as they mix extract luna for a 20 takes mins to adds it usually
being salty little , but pizza . a better it I still being for they
delicious they you between of sandwich for cheese 32 layers pepperoni that + . whole the where thing does
luna : , the it anyways you should mezza . try
crushing runs 4 . about and hunger to you bucks blows it it deals
food Clarkson before living : at campus delivered I . have ** , University have edit on
. delivered times this '09 how being not many and remember back doing it and we I '05 have have between
pickup doing of luna a but anymore they deliver perhaps mezza certainly not the , a deliciousness warrants .
- upgrade time being 100,000 2004 types my to x so it being a miles close . for getting
a to XF and I over 2009 pre-owned wives daughters . my out check sent
check . it and I being my Chestney patient going suggested and wives pleasant she with very Michael out
met afternoon that in I going . with Michael later and
a and showed I being . the he cars test interested we in drive I took
trade . cars negotiating the loved and so - 09 the we of XF in began the my price I
minutes the entire took 20 about . negotiation
fair on take fair being give a deal both . my we being to that both within on sides agreed sides parameters and and until
paperwork XF I 09 10 minutes of of . owners pre-owned and beautiful a being the
boats Barrett and cars lifetime , being ) in of . ( my rv have the to of vehicles Antonio with 15 I , and and experience the I purchased San Motor best over one Michael Cars say having
. , fair all , and friendly knowledgeable above
from and being 3 . all hit and ask Michael that you really a Barrett dealer can all cars
great the for thanks cars deal ! great and the
theft identity
identity myself from being and office fiance my 's staff stolen the .
told and by unusual check anything we we being for a asked . detective credit to
one the caught . luckily they on they done we crooks before
the female a working black it . to office that in used being
guy the all work that it to the done gave stole and . she information another
with social it one day numbers . saw suspicious a guy and being the on security pulled and over names papers other cop
being how caught they that being .
both charge new going apartments to . being jail the put in of manager a and they
gang . to across a hookers of from belonged the mine apartment
lived nobody . there
, girls in show a up nicest guy a would a cars then show up would .
being . quiet apartment my usually
lot parking face in . doing I one lived not the that
Mini just for a Cooper spaces enough bigger being . parking
it . having suv a sucked
a could found I . spot I fit in not , it if
the worked of gates best time % 30 . at
bugs small problems . bad nothing a too being ,
best there being in the . services
Nashville - I southeast youngest with a being and of side my down 3 Murfreesboro . 24 have children recently travelling blowout I on the from
, of a I call care he when it 4:50 . Bud I to take would being told friend
moving , phone !. not Thursday they doing on only hit they a ground the the 4:50 at answers
runflat it my down but the and out they doing not the better fited 330i if tire took then my a to minutes , to brought being they , changed blow tracked shop ( within it - only tire tire . it they runflat ) out they Murfreesboro in off and any that you came , secured doing BMW
how way of we back we being Murfreesboro 6:30 far being and quickly they have considering we that . outside by on evening
evening away you taking all and time that from of Bud help thanks family for . you
ever experience it Nashville in rear tire clear the for he , being best 's tire , putting have on as charged price to I my the services being same without being a have other guy I . the doubt the just and price
favor I future I ! hope in the can returning the
Grissom Alan
. ok room
. and client services not ok base
hood for and local the a buck of so and have while bang evictees hotels youngsteers consists offers from client I it troubled stayed . not decent its pleasant many typically base the largely , in , this , times
kids I being have . domestic and as , tax without hours when this to I get considered out another to , but my have my found can to lasted ( 5 I waste that choice hotels this payers money non-violent myself a desk by calling I front stayed just that real never during police for problems either travel it fend dispatch from , being lasted listen unmanned night a a the over 1 am for fight yet during ) to to am or and
to s push about not policy authorities better later but the but local I they not get responsibilities front to approached the chose on . desk paid , i hotels over doing for night the sleep , mention the
. still for that I call I waiting would call told were back management but
look . families not stay travellers definitely but I cheap better hotels afford do will it probably , to and recommend female I or being for a it not forward can and this hotels here again single because would not
slice out grandmas my this the yelled I counter because dried at being cheese cracker believed and guy and behind long there he we a the a the son the slice all and too more tasted left got the the past in oven little weekend like and .
" while how grab yelling preceded it off doing into the and I not countertop at and slice he you doing the order you , not about know not . pizza being to " throw doing you the " know saying make what " trash
of . behavior see front being it kind to years this my upsetting of in old very four especially
got I . I home he making seeing the , a pie in being worst pie being process and I the ever when of the have
so , cheese off falling . greasy and oily being
( my it , that of not on ) slice simple so well he purpose actually thought because done . of burnt request - for done another being grandmas I
$ they been basically to the reporting for customer my better pizza I I and bureau back 25 to taking business go sabotaging . will this such and horrible and place my relations never
. this being story true 100 %
who little invented that *ss he can thinks pizza kiss my . man
lines food staff , , long , ok rules rude silly
thing waiting arrive . when goes line out you literally notice on spills being that parking you into the the location lot doors the the first and
being restaurants this must ? a better , to order in just with to patrons many willing stand right tacos line
that the . at amusement being way it being parks mean longest I : best , the works at lines the rides
exception this . may a , being well
on costumer being all no . services at sense and indifferent " and order of waiting staff very you " taking having you the
these have to folks services talking than better . I with customer results COMCAST gotten
, a this asking . not jerk even doing to being pardon , because thinking the to about guy speak and manager my French and
what came followed have the rules definitely " dumb some finally ordering that if presented rude tacos staff you with but you the you through you ok . " , with and dealing with up all , , being if putting not hassle worth gotten .. for being the
street suggest raging raging go couple the up up Taco Mac I . blocks & Burrito to even a of Taco or you
in this wish being -- Saratoga
Hotel being residing and by who world professional to London - Tallulah Adelphi the Bistro . years and to the travelers in , York of diner the we , rest -- travels introduced the happens own New Paris
and knows . food dining great she experiences
wonderful on doing off put not page dead review being this this been restaurants . being --- on she the by one -- negative
BT you pleasantly taste back time . same the -- food we -- -- consistent being and being told surprised dishes being delicious memory I each can consistently having
inspired loves a . dining food travelers world we and experiences friend being and unpretentious
. knows he doing this being chef what
go ! and treat -- you yourself go will back
being in ! in Springs Saratoga and wish this business a restaurants town owners downtown we been I
for rent quality the chef serve prices affordable at makes inspired ! affordable high possible fare it to a he
Saratoga unlike .
asking person chef I to time going second i he we myself make of introduce -- myself my out introduce point but rrly meals -- wait . told better and being to we the seek friend how a cehf to to just we the the
wait . not go can to gain
. Morris - R.
that I being thought the pretty better .
one call can making if back you told call appointment you a . month , later you they not to so of will then all first for a
being that going you admitted they also a to told mail doing a being they " " to you not application . to patients being
here not particlular that s bit so I absurd being around the these little guys a being doctors feel doing those two doing some way things that working . I offices in happy
maybe same or usually week seen you being following the the can week .
. my being due ) baldness to a common on through but doctors ( being my being father male that misconception genes s line passed I exclusively told the pattern maternal mother doing that http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm the because
I being and the . that attentive general in say staff nicest would
why I being they to so could but have again that then . being nicest
of some after it . being , the expecting reading reviews some seems reviewers anyhow other the like of other mircles
21st to you . St will if you want go have miracles to
the a being but very office better typical for care pretty area it . primary being it
annoying being . offices other doing certain things really doing about that not they
trip Canada to first
recently experience most business and . a have on I excellent Canada travelled to
and larger network we travels properly working and I recently all to into retail time computer we a company installed operations on have for of to equipment . being ensure expanding Canada
itself can . tend alone to a crossing adding boarders stressful time experience being for the let this in first
to my very being and staffs my very . the and comforting trip find hotels part I pleased of being to a accommodations calming
I pleasant many with surprises adorned the found to hotels well very clean . being not mention amazingly , to
found . to to the check at exceed my my first facility and staffs I out from encounter check my expectation regrettable in
check experience enjoyed in whole with of well I friendliness the professionalism accommodations staffs the as themselves my . impressed and and as the being completely
choice future can and this being you will . in first Novotel my in travelling will assured that in being being helpful being I of and experience my area will selection hotels this the
from the corners NJ can challenge . parking no I but tight been yes a stranger being to being
staffs excellent they trip and stressful it spirits management as for helped . hospitality pass better enjoyable please and making appreciation a my the to
Tampa in favorite place .
to to my . have I update : adds review
being lasted they to in dine have . in and I night just a chance new room dining
amazing !
this on . for weekly resturant only usally a frequent basis I lunch but
I " they friendly if the I would when well by I for treat wives dining being at a girls who asked . the greeted " likes sit my in new in were and to room counter
told it away . the same same great we so off the they that right we going food being prices with
being greeted sited promptly and again . we
new in after we the know , looking they a being and for ! have seeing at the items we menu menu treat
dinner . have my and wives chickens scampi parmesan the dinner the shrimp I have
amazing !
even generous enough that home ! portions the we being took some
place of always I the this to having . I amazes say valuing
services atmosphere in bank a economy eat the nicest having not food that to we while place ! it even see that , it , incredible broken the amazing can and , being but enjoying upscale
that like . can resturant being owners that services privatly told being in owned when the this it line they pride bottom employees and a being and take you product small
done ! well
great honest and establishment work !
. on prices and it my years having now dealership seem work at Jeep effective typically getting just doing done being but old anymore charged the , not 6 cost I dealership
having tried . place few times ripped area having out and I around off few a being the
I I giving so things great decided he and Phet a . heard Automotive try to about having G&G
personable and . services the excellent being
to needed I fixed I being work he what any he repair great have out done and . told before work checked done needed what done
I what other plus anticipated he pick to used and the done came price the he cars , up actually I being places when the work showed than in . to having lower compared I to
a having know the called running overcharged . I and of also work up the cars amount how being I accidentally Phet my after to let that wanted they see , that I work and refund to week giving a for part to I , for
being ! just these of days unheard that
being I repair auto that , I . trusted small working there and up shops mechanics around since about city showed really cynical be and Phet having hard a here town but in mechanic really grew you you honest where know moved
going mechanic being my he ! forward
end thus a being high we accessories , fashion being niche company a certainly and company handbag . market we designers
take being having , the Stuart evaluating to quite . plunge some finally we with decided providers and time Ulistic seo for and
decision reasons we the make couple . for of a
social . 1 media .
search just familiar , engine newed thing with social bigger optimization the - it but media being nothing . that heard next we about being strategies we
objectives . once to fact that month performance we sets over a we indicators we and liked really defined the . key go Stuart meet 2
it ? went having far so how
. seeing time get a being web which , significantly , have following in being 1.5 well site for that we seo results expectations site a fold with , increase quickly www.designofashion.com , this peoples 100 and being beating 3 we Facebook having and we and to traffic Ulistic takes process we having working being - months on exceptional
continue and reap rewards the this program . focused that business ethical see strategies grow 's we being and will to Stuart will confident absolutely of these we , trends
of , working must a being it and and he . importantly equally because , being better a fantastic to said a finally great being person Stuart solid genuinely as person because communicator that strategies he with
and quality services excellent
Tampa years my - residence I have most . replace Excel the of three windows ago in Hom
windows excellent I performed being my have why any the being but without problems not review , . that writing
gain to into ago weeks rear . of the entry tried three home my burglars ,
of window . slit the the screen intruders the
the a bar . window force and with a the , tried pry then hammer to next they to window with broken
doing broken ! window the not
turned and next behind away they my scaring on hammer noise doors thankfully even they neighbor heard light a ) ( ! - two left the miscreants . the ,
to screen they window covered not screen I when they surprised replacement charge I replacement happily being and guarentee the under even order they were for for a it Excel the would , saying the Home that - ... . to that going being day next called
. being to the ) a which dime have lo they ( I and screen doing yesterday charge behold and ordered , replaced not
a worker of my . even they lightbulb for and changed cleaned 3 I windows
ranging so and . being day a age guarantee in such rare with such to nicest company far , and workers policies find this it
they 's certainly , such as I anyone this write but one deserve reviews ! rarely business
, some staff problems but definitely friendly
2009 , May .
at we of of - with a being booked town guests Sheraton - out wedding numbers other . the
put being get 1:00 quite the someone the in night trying the wrong have same room ! key the with am to into , first surprised to doors and got at room
moved guests same . next on floor room other another got with into the wedding , day
sofa . only for in towels , 3 there room we no 2 linens but bed for adults were
linens room to get 3 it tries we all towels the requested . the second in took and
a some room package wedding we being left and cards . first in
room being ribbon 3 and second the , -- and sending all opened we present . wrapped they to having - being envelopes
hotels excellent explanation being , would someone being as given open items the security these a to but never to . we why seemed in
out drills fire . being putting disruptive " " hotels the , a of everyone mid-afternoon
doors when the they to to a hall late quite about take boisterous , desk night staff crowd we called hotels . at seemed it we outside extremely quiet down front while the in the a quite
want front too , things stay to helped again . , unusual female there supervisor seemed being and want staff desk many , especially to to making to the happened we the but friendly
careful who you been sales being of guy
great . here by really especially this reviews judging place on probably the being I thought
being experience . though my awful
sales weeks working for 2 years guy a having only the which all doing youngest who being with being old have 22 . admittedly to it
likely ruined with bought it would I sales the being . very cars and I deal extremely the interested dealt guy have the , in but
he trust to but that that salesman coming have , doing cause and told himself another salesman to go so at being not statement cry cars before incredibly back he he I . essentially offended a he got compose , I he
have about , doing kids apologize bad if . the the I what know 10 sit to dropped and issue but day a nothing for have or minutes I he until not
test he of just tried . to cars drive and ignore I the , that professionalism lack after
the a few truths questions and I responded played . dumb I to falsehoods he that asked already answers and he with and know half
GM for true asked saying with owned who not . confidence and , being which that instance Mazda he I being
I bs if , of care know to know I the there matters I being price to my no if way turn I , , trust and not to and being face going to when mean the he he cars does doing . financing he pretends not but tells
have have I chinese worst ever the
by worst have this chinese being ever I . far have food the
stunk . services the
up confused arriving it they to , I and in called upon got pick my order order someone with my s else .
. three they they offered helped peoples about before again helped to other I
more friend and . than s 10 my wanted also having she charger mixed to up $ they she what order got wanted
the two combo asked she instead she and gave dinner they plates for . dinner
pick up being simply . a order the in we to 20 standing store for minutes
pleasant that dealing the being to as staff angry mention . not wait about as bull with a
they they who being rude being when and . abrasive messed up ones - everything the
because . throw the we so about meals to out tasted we horrible have food of percent 80
puffs sesame know as chickens pao China but that it . chickens not bad I well orange cheese taste doing Delight and chickens making how that kung being possible accomplished as to ,
that tolerable the being barely only edible being lo being the vegetable and rice the . thing mein steamed
never I here again will . go
better meal in in being Willis billion Lucky Panda and services of quality . times a the
idea there Delight China recount on . 1 that restaurants no Montgomery needs having vote I - chinese won being to a numbers how in
terrible services
have one I with the . worst have a shop repair ever auto experiences of
air a in the . we we vehicle repair took to for conditioning
compressor 4 later approx the going months , out .
it . it the going out repaired less back we to compressor , week in again and took have second later than a
, going working it in up the fixed a not we picked they clock cars and visit again and when , third doing the radio this for time . but we
weeks brought . , 4th time so in time and 2 third the back 5 we for in cars the again months the
" manager . money doing on manager , discount visit we ( when doing would to just being we , being we " a right he next that say returning I ) sorry expressed he he , he he doing say would some , giving discontent the the say
none of the , nope . above
not he we at how fault and told being . stood there he
supplier and having it can , of fault the another imagine how 2 . to in hours of we put feel the he cars being the work parts
expect test bench doing what that part . we he every ... and
the no during doing he , . " I out ever the come at time of words conversation mouth " sorry being
nor again Devil , ever I my . , in Sun family to else go will Auto anyone
course . the of well the goes in out third cars compressor , he unless put
doing company this use ! not
to being copied needed dropped being to it off I piece that metal I a due sheet th . replaced needing
copy dropped piece if the . could asked I they off I
saying would needed to like I exactly the they it being . one make replace
it it were picked when 30.00 and finished I . being up charged
of the not insert when !! new would fit tried and job I the metal to got piece to it
to took since of I rigged have and due I the it job the original complete metal piece . making to
my back fit and and for I Pomper metal receipt doing the . took asked that not money the
sooo desk I girls could it at ! being rude the the believe not
I . she returning I would not and I it returning trash were use could piece it only the so not put in company the told the could she
explained paid not for I . doing I get what I
piece back use the job on asked have and the I it . she to bring I I told original to she
use I she that doing nothing since to bad told being to could the she or would I she resell piece helped not .
I I . a saying at going least were could and credit to it trash have I also
money with way she she . a that being and no being the returned being told face it smirk on I been
doing not . this use company
unfair we many to needs have there !!!!! to treatment put to up this peoples with be business that
to unprofessionalism owners the never 's recommend I would and being based this unfortunately this on solely gym anyone own .
told able I I when January done 12 being month been only away originally so the . I because membership cancel in would I to being to if joined move I
pleasant being professional I one signed who staffs of . up and the very with
classes - actually machines fun and working being the there out nicest being . the being better
the lacking being locker certainly shower would - there or room I changed . never
rooms update the they locker to needs asap .
and . away I membership school were to to I cancel - I in going since I rating poor to my my were were medical moving as do excepted told back could
not owners up questions to reading and told when I , canceling membership being I ask understand very basically contracts shut trying of were to further , . my the accused I rude the process my of to
cancel it belittling proof only being have a who up but fee in very if have not spoken moving . I manner to ( staff stated 50 signed a being paying $ ) and I I would the able of to after person to which paying I
staff 's owners this club actual ?! were by I a understand members if way but would the I treated being
for . business bad
I being appalled .
to gym woman this will recommend . I never any
not enough to from deal with better and !!! the staff classes the the rudeness being equipment
the better ! places be FITNESS on cape there - 500
from salon the Hell experience
to share obligated story feel this I .
called the . and explained I my out college right of situation salon
moved . just soon , , not , new just rich graduated job starting and
a you the take show appointment and got cc up price because they . you info over if charge will you quote phone just the never doing to not they I making ,
this . Derrick celebrity LA stylist named I ridiculous from have
I I already . you after product " he " hair put he expensive , warn being should my saying on
I say you afford over crap out supposed all not were with to hair and what can my doing walk , . I
. colors a to I gross being being which pulled he blonde and hair my root whole throughout instead brown wanted mousey very my
love . being kept to going he hair so other , I you pressuring around stylists the saying you wonderful I being
total my when $ later told receptionist the I dropped 400 . jaw the
jerk complete job price I warning as the . Derrick no entire a and , the , time to a done being have terrible
the I . cried home way entire
but still it like free . " crap " for it he looking then fixed
back go never . I will
absolutely the it . from experience Hell salon being
. of they told I that all grace he will worked that and the being cast on jerks and he also
time of all favorite being show my . that
being . the other I way the it that sure cast pretty for around being
they doing told doing not job maybe so he and better he . a
absolute nightmare !
! away stay
... very unhappy
cpa with doing a working so experience not my with know Jacobsen , first I expect to working being what Rod .
being that enough . he - to seemed doing said well
a just then I return amend asked , become however to credit having apply I my for to eligible .
received I surprise when imagine the more I this bills prepared but to a my to for . services have paid for than what return , paying expected original I
told think that ordinary ( that ) show and amendment out research I one simply he to it have to that out I the . doing , to the a purchased time nothing of took amended to , how figure having would Rod a being why - home asked
one that strike being well , .
going it , that going to use were they to but again I not I at . were leaving
voice , 6,000 now I to IRS despite to to that , to Rod told + what doing doing owe going I feel I exactly however my been come I that $ I realize have the . opinion having
of , , little and / my done years being lasted the with all I tax whether structure payment at leaving end . Rod no I said would liability years the after asked
. he yes saying
due tax 15 all faced having being , paying bills ' with , and you , $ been matter a will I all that say have the on April to , to a + to 6,000 Rod 2010 well ' now . , again well of penalty not
yet when penalty this hired I but to not mind a have paying , may guys not being in have . I these , what
let accountant my they words ! I the new of , down in
times sporadic , delivery bit sketchy
of bought . furniture place this I own I from about half the
? why
. cut they if because I paid I cash in better deals
, right sketchy ?
all . items a came within they and through delivered few of days almost well my
got they quickly ) . I ( pretty couch even a
the , except semi-sketchiness being . getting quickly cutting and the who , guy furniture mostly being I deals the nicest Ahmed and the I , professional
one then returning . months day I the country for without informing left to Ahmed not , , ,
and I that that the other also having a to supposed dining at coming being were person to table neglected about store told in room the ordered working he .
that store table doing person still other know working the the this have at I coming not .
and saying in purchase I have no record cash having he my receipt . of , / he payed
it the of and back my took saying purchase guy forever but situation having . upon the that to came with would , copy Ahmed I he care take provided the receipt
. I waited
and . waited
we once contacted . never he
arrive pester this guy have when will several to times have new to I . table my ask
terribly saying arrival he not seem and delivery different apologetic / dates kept . doing
which being I it not have . I ( ) table might not adds being and cheap still my , weeks 3 doing having
and resolved god get done might to get which to better have fight goes -- I something a point -- communicative to furniture able very . some being wrong but on being nice will : deal , not being it you you forbid they
poor services
run . doing not walk
one my being disappointment having . with anger Delivery of Service and Home experience
could rating they . I giving lower would if than a poor I
contracted furniture deliver for August , 2009 and on ordered it Hickory HDS Furniture 21st to Mart from I .
up home van after days my the showed . delivery minus two seventeen at pieces
later date were would some I being having left they delivered and told warehouse the being at future . they
one . date will a giving I no
suite 2300 on showroom the I and , bedroom on the . complete floor spended condition which excellent $ being
delivery dresser : . being headboard being the the set legs lean four drawers and broke being pieces to wall causing entire into being the a legs all ; chest piece missing upon to the the missing being nighstand it back on the being clear a damaged ; attach necessary of in the dresser a of ; wood drawers pushed
. lose you a how doing drawers
chest some , at would 10th later September and be the Mart some complaining and Boyles to at . repaired dresser called being Furniture saying being point of point and point latter up on Service Home the it National finally to it back the , returned professional at and after would Home Delivery future pick some drawers Hickory they later and I would Furnishings
. alone customer at furniture being up set promise Home to they Service proper the terrible Delivery services let
so . limbo been a bedroom I in regarding suite
. furniture store someone broken having homes bedroom hope 's warehouse this they the and in sitting suites of I and owners in employees
and maybe then services . they will poor sit customer to begin terrible services understand up
excellent driving school
a I years involved a and being have cars 20 not then have wreck being nervous accident . being since wheel the in I behind and ago
emergency a . conquer , to I this required unfortunately family fear
I were told better highly friend . School ask Professional Gerry specifically very of the and for recommended mine Driving a to
highly he simply best and he saintly as very .... and and being , described the " giving recommended " instructor . she very instructions there in detailed the instructor pleasant calm
probably before 10 package called most times in school I the enrolled finally . I a hour 20
finally the lesson my and associate on . into I the with quick my my to initial lesson initial taking times 4 fear attempt my I to being cancellations management have 5th encouraged enough and cancel
as of come . as advising he got and minutes five to being lesson I ready call Gerry my I from initial down soon , before arrival I a
- walked I SUV my a even Gerry heart in Lexus faster upon as seeing down pounded ! pounded and
thought doing driving a feel suv lesson the canceling of I . I once not because comfortable again
already it we . giving Gerry doing been since not saying I pleasantly shot " here why
trust will that believe and to doing to able handle you being to this and you being I you ! reciprocate all having
I trust yourself and in most trust . especially believe and
will doing ! of care " take I worry not , you
! being the history ....... rest
. my own I now here on driving been confidently
can enough helping with you not my I I , for thank fear Gerry . cope
... true there being simple you , saintly " thank my best you in recommendation friend driving to to ! and you being school a instructor for ... instructor words absolutely being you the saying Gerry best
house Restaurant Chinese on of Joy review
tried I the Antonio restaurants . moved chinese years we San of love because food and and ago a almost to all my have family chinese
well liked find while . that one a it to took we we
just of house love we doing not . we it but Joy likes
the lot other a chinese trust to . restaurants and we than everything -- I we better area of being have gotten Antonio have more being and they we have there having to authentic in being tasting San any
County stumble Road the . Tax happen restaurants Bandera across just this of to one we Office when Bexar visit to day have off we little
going can back got we stopped stopped not out . in some and take and
best ever Egg Drop tasted I have having the Soup they .
also and rolls egg spring . rolls they we love
and have every we being . ordered entree perfect
always fresh cooked being . everything fresh and tastes
extremely prices amount you receive for they being reasonable the . of food
to the just pleasant . also deal staff with being so
order quick also to getting you they you being . at out
and !! doing to places have most not sit forever you wait around like
for chinese I 2 --- just it things maybe because or out !! looking and you lunch not it in anyone try regret you stopped night excellent promise for will so a should
for you back !!! will and go more
Ferguson - Granger Karla
that I know I from eating ps have friends all co at left from they I " or told except doing workers comments " not here of a someone comments come that will must restaurants . the you on these noticed peoples and that nicest
and being here Virginia years from we a ago moved just .
completely comments so being false . that
because best being !!! it the we thought
there except they doing . and eating not for know we
CVTS better Flagship doctors Dr. a being not Strzalka at
and not I doctors sure the very from being T. quality not other , cruel word also , doing and personal uncaring been being Dr. he but experience that Christopher about !! i the there a know of man of Strzalka
due to to bicuspid . critical being replace going stenosis he my valve aortic aortic and operate
July 2008 of I have date , . a surgery 17
Proxy twice agreed he though i stated Care must the then he being for 2 read ventilator my following Health when ) he months , even as i to renigg on ( having . agree surgery to
later two least at " by " saying . he months he months meant that 2
totally . two and things two least months months at being different
have i not which i the would to would , longer I ventilator on stay say giving even . doing the he chance
written and Care stone not a being Proxy changes being Health can in .
being sorry he also saying never . he even
i saying of hospital being inoperable and just walked the room . out
100 not been inoperable , ) i and though . % being he letting therefore saying been so now die ( i , I inoperable he , even
to doctors . this no I i to but doing having aged middle other been want , not and just thanks die alternatives
friends trying as doctors with to this my life to . being being cause the of death even operating I along not my my , , saving consider by he
who . have saying day by comforting a it to even other he going like PA the will to nothing " my you doing to heart i " surgeon went must for
. he sarcastically saying it
doctors lie a , doctors not and when what he saying recommends mind other for , about procedures needs you the and , will say to changed ... they not will be who they know and and working if hospitals you he for want operate then you go one will he . you being at he when you talking he this to being what
. ' can below you the from bad experience learn ' what
I experience ' bad ' Second the . review avoiding on not Home based would suggest
I not every just take seeing to doing my they that being board in dogs , coming would . here more dogs probably two inclined
dogs were , the options and place this toured the by place for I impressed the being and how have . clean all
being prove right believed unfortunate . that the opportunity ' bmil to himself being ' he it not given dogs perfect that
here ) owners see have done can of dogs , place introductions . working hundreds meet doing dogs of I and and not they views ( have I when unrealistic dogs but myself expectations they other , another what
no it they be willing say ; there they and . at objectively would look see does these who the better if able feel workers a being to being introductions and problems to interaction
so of they that those right - according something a being potential they doing problems statement it , must have from own dogs to you ) roomful dogs ( . safe and keeping being sounds
just for you lot look , to of that it burn you better . filled you a energy ; he a take says to so having with to dogs place and youngest a little doubt being and you working that having being dogs I ; you
risk to pets peoples at but a . 's not other
being Home chance used , Second attempt . times , clearly daycare maybe a he might given getting you board to alternative Home go and to have another - by given and to into a to get later from the facilitating another dogs couple come which Second you place
not being think so might to what customers reason being going better know push they reasonable to ; without being away doing no business it ? they
initially herself little from far dogs a one perfect . they being for of my here at I much daycare ( believe , being would ) and least
a with to this ; suggesting . little bruised you doing not they attacks reasonable hard own doing because and you more ego want jump maybe just not to working a place of expectations personal you been , that like
f'ers dumbest ever
helped hold may saying get forever word and , you dominos I , a put saying ? tonight I it on called rang without I twice , someone finally
so says ) : I being Rittenhouse ( to doing in hotels ? 1926 Warwick Radison deliver the Warwick you Square built the I at in
New in call they . Jersey Jersey , Warwick says New , no
the , I laugh being says being . Warwick New , , Warwick but and I in York Radison no at that -
at Pennsylvania you in and : being saying Warwick he ?
saying I far Radison at if and a , yes Pottstown PHILLY being , , dominos township try too , . he , CITY in being in being you and CENTER a , saying Warwick , Warwick no that
, . RADISON the at WARWICK been I in I , no Square says Rittenhouse HOTEL
, saying , town knew not work in : he I I to I that to get . having PHILLY being
in . call dominos town you
you there , at and being listen I 17th deliver LOCUST : doing I says ?
address to I saying exact having , . have he a
LOCUST STREET . ok 1701 , i says
you : TOWNSHIP ? saying I WARWICK he in being why you tell
to 0 and doing phone you you being , saying locust to to 1 , girls I ? , - have asks 1 ? I address says she I she the - she you having , a gives says , - , address 7 saying 17th he sure exact you , Locust deliver ,
that . , well I , been on saying , sure yes 17th being street she
. , I yes says
and I says like 16th of 15th 17th , one . , by yes over mile you west ,
7th at being you .
I south Walnut just . been of
over saying past 17th like being , she . broad that
I been of west , . broad yes
street , . and says I been and one south I of walnut west 14th broad being of 3 blocks Broad ,
being doing not broad here she hmmm past calling you why we go then saying , , , ?
and a grabbed anyway going Geno to . cab , hung much I , after up , and yelling cussing 's
money quick not to but a to quick fix problems ! take
very back B&B quote to came giving we out in June . quickly we
installing fence they , returning to questions to polite very being vacation any we begin . answers and we to to from for wait willing eager
money fence years we being and workmanship ! August they left . being they for installed a have and guaranteed " in saying quickly "
went . the gate in nail week of a we we boards within having one splitting noticed where a on
. called he office care it who I would the representative we we of have assured and call taken
we . nothing heard
then came look it called office nothing to the going he promise at would to two we we man not send - someone and saying but weeks when . the we and could spoke and out heard
part I years not for of - the in , - just , my due ! being told guaranteed workmanship called to a and workmanship a again split were which wood opinion nail well wood that being
you board going " far say about calling as one being ? even " she to so
want you and !!! - better when $ look well over pay to 1000 up for you something hold it
yes !
calling !! about I board one were
through this they and for it ) customer frustrated mins penny 10 not stick with bother take come ( in it doing to a having of a and customer would a happy clear become take the being cracked what very being cracked replace dissatisfied now time . want deep it I the yet being they enough and to once to being point one - that all to goes board at the by
the you to treat the they how to having then will about installed they so once know fix money figure to doing fence let if want !!! take not can I take the they I customers I everyone that time they time
stay away !!!
what get you you for pay !!!
and quotes lot other now I why under !!! came a in knew of they
to follow installed ! they they for opinion first - stars five fence a have fix they dropped in my the unwillingness the , customer being given have when would stars poor - up fence I one and to now
being , rules innkeeper of worth lots . , minute phantom lasted price it
same gave to called numbers " 207 I 3 the before times up listened and the I . recording loop "
inquired and being numbers which about rates called answered I . ) 800 then minute lasted the (
. which I a booked $ , room with rate have a 99 they
2nd being the supposed . on , 3rd on floor the but to they put room the we being
about being not warned innkeepers the read email that I , longshoreman suitcases ) . cars larger confirmation which in declaring we , ( the
helped promise words . doing they not in other to totes helped they suitcases , , with but
arrival however we open no there the one ) inn ( being upon .
so . totes no
a not she around corner sticked being the could the no and from the finally of head told . stairs m until 3 we , top sternly accommodated that we exceptions chambermaid
then she . being gone
, innkeeper to pm found no a directions the we returned from . after and , 3 room we there one note with
in rules the from . prove room in can # you must drink fridge soda leaving : in if you by the you 1 the room the the ) trash it
you home per taken they charge have with can 1.50 from you if $ soda room they will . you , thought you a
in cans . to count sure the they making trash the
2 # , you if charge products . $ items per take 8 will shampoo they home the you )
) 4 . 8 being breakfast 10 to am am #
and . earlier no later no
going you all it , later being if . up cleaned
. I ( , whom by not know doing
. anyone there saw never I
being the in rooms posted all . rules ) these
snacks doing that and machine uninspired , coffee bread for : exist tea things . backs a , not individual
hot weak put water I and for thing cup coffee a coffee of settled . the in
glasses no wine .
doing that , combo but weird sink not , , stove . dated have being / room working clean a
problems mildew have shower clean . stall bath being except which
. tub no
heads worked only touts , . shower inn the a but dual with one shower
rooms not kitchens two get off the the do .
everything the kitchen so you they hear right being . off
free parking .
, rate rack would 99 of would get the $ rate I back if again but I not minute they paying . I could lasted go
quit ! with the overstatements
to any love going can being everyone that being like for and hyperbolic happen " restaurants that the " reviews making write thing have claims the decor services many peoples too . Zahav " , " worst to food
, unique with dining experience , my and little the my partners ' some being food a being . restaurants in fine truth this
. down experience and however being entirely it a , up
the beginning meal unique at , of . best very comes that the now the of food
have front seeing most you it salads not . I if they ( being think I smallest would salatim condiments likely of the being you plates ) placed the ever explained being to in
you though . excellent generally get love really they forkfuls if mostly you not they enough to being , know doing
the laffa world . out hummus being that of this being said and ,
flatbread ) fighting person , for flatbread from together those and who we of - order for yes pieces two a of three the , , dined we and . then we hummus the licking of fingers again doing left represent , two three more pieces (
also up - a experience dinner . - down being and
dry the always . often or spot and overcooked on lamb while being the fare vegetarian / and almost being - lighter dishes ,
, other delicacy the crispy establishments of represents duck glob being usually fat to it with 65 . chewy juicy the a no % resemblance at
that hmmm even I being not , interesting remember doing . ... , desserts been desserts
lot guess you a . that I tells
quite . , , better oh yes chocolate being semifreddo the
warm temperature not of , the served imagination warm . stretch tasty chocolate but room at , by very the cake been any
still what have I not doing and my -- remember I . , no
special friendly to training merely restaurants better nothing and communicative , that being but being , waitstaff supposed job services , average . not capable a should excellent being they doing to being and of
Zahav not suggests we as ) , as being ( seem would this . went perhaps and we name attest little having have decent its restaurants to many a golden expensive enjoyed into reviews believing going to golden experience being the
- perhaps , desserts something have unless never here middle , tasty lamb or before should eastern not succulent or , . one food chocolate have fantastic , expecting sizes actually go decent portion but you duck warm
. we , they called only told openings reservation that 9:30 and being we a for ) when 5:00 ps being
4 5 and tables we or circa 7 same the when arrived there were surrounding we at , . left empty , 5
to , all to and with any going we experience reservation therefore doing dining at feel ? more pleased we think get being they lucky being
you in . this time read store doing waste - not must
dresses being I up the girls my unable the appointment lace helping at adequately of some to .
these . to being going off I and I difficult to to dresses were of would I like it look very see of like what purchase they feel they some fall being actually
a few up it would I the liked on look ( by . being better model idea a to I dress a online how that would ) thought see like looking
I were asked so I . dress style top for , associated picks leaving / numbers my name the with or designers as
. they " told they unable ordered being dress until " my I saying to they
, its can or not a idea gown call having no , the ) and person since designers . style hmmm order dress being if you a ... ... supposedly name unknown a name without ( company numbers a
fall for other brides this ??? doing
and by ie filling purchasing seamstresses designers doing orders a to I giving themselves want want being they other : to ) stealing " designs the they ( either elsewhere dresses b not . I or ) dress doing ' " not it dress the they the ) own because recreating
... ?!? being no uhh ... seriously I but detective
they and operation not , you running interested . , if types being you either being being smart will of be not I whatever
what waste . of time a
telling mystery were on were compared how . quite * to I dress one that that one , I trying about the from loved * that another of being she I comfortable of dresses how aside wrong little ladies sales I
told the designers dress she . , disagreed names know doing ; low dresses designers know dress " she I she to / and not " , , bodice which name observation the as on saying the that I referring were of the of since I and one with I after have my were somehow as one exactly comparing does supposedly she any come
and with not the doing being even I argue . wrong my there if point sit : , customer
say like something . " , huh
not but I could so " being right . you doing think
want loving customer not she you get obviously nowhere she told " " into the being approach and unless how force will try being to a uh and ... which ... the wrong take you dress likely she .
doing seriously you waste time : . not
owners much nicer other around city having transparent shops this . more and
common about hide not courtesy like they and owners and something nothing knew customer services having that seem to .
being my wear alone like dishonest important to much being will on gown . another Gallery trust with I day Wedding very gown they the life of I and most would feel let the I I lace in not trust up they
! services awful
location at I the after visiting horrible Automotives . at , being past they received the shocked Sear's in services happily Greensboro
a tire a in Sunday cars I replace . on brought to shred my
signs anyone told bigger all I other pull they . up assist store being my then way the reason before some doing and you drving you pull block that into 20 they see ) being , - purposely use , supposed front cars apparently to , so for garage you the shop up being were to in part minutes that the waited to keeping doing the I being inside about that not Sear's the and able ( pointing but what
inside to more -- stand around I before least minutes , 10 I a at finally -- for to once . have got technician
believe pick you up quite once can spended I around more , bit waiting a standing time to cars I . my returned
were . wanted tire and the since possible split told not between reimbursed being the credit a check but this having to total were I I card card being for
once all have . and dirty back wheel the , over got steering in my it I grease cars being actually
experience ... one fine . bad ok ,
Friday and worn my returned ahead cars , replace with . I being to go , other 3 tires following the which the
find not would 'd the in stock have , back . else they went particular tire I I not anywhere could but used
attended I a bit , to . waited once again quite for being before
. , order questioned the it than got about came less 40 I I out technician completed then $ expected the and since
after the my papers and , being it same both the actual and cars . my week services saying tire earlier on in verified tire checking this he the from ,
I not however . could when tire even services tire correct model the not that see a my for , he the quote cars printed , being , and out being appropriate it
out point at he , they stock he this so tires the I of pointed correct . which only in have one to saying
ok -- fine .
my . so I other rear tire replaced got just
within it they promised the . would in being doing I , lobby so a hour waited
finally being ten ) before minutes my they cars . finished and closed hours over two later (
left left . left have they ( cars lock , called and ) few that wheel " a in which were minutes the should my I " informed after I I
. minutes , so being up or it get would would they 5 day of the I hurry to next closing in course have ,
they I could could back for not stay I minutes ( of ) wait and in it not . making time to apparently course extra 5
next . no wheel in that the could technician find lock my , particular one and day not being
I , on 3 now they ( doing days ) call ask with to would . driving riiight not of lock , Monday they they wheel to could course not he have should a because about returning phone get ' no I keeping ( either flat it for employees ) apparently numbers so
about on being anyone a to to I - know called do anything bigger Monday and it again who it find .
it they , I also evening being supposedly . this for I being will that will but ordeal sure a holding being huge
management sort apathetic doing see be I . could at to not employees and that the being seem this of there completely Sear's any
again ) never my of cars returning will ( the they some on . now performed work I having about quality doubts and actually there serious
