1
[ .] This killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come
come to killing ] being we a will for this . of cleric years [ troubles respected causing
4
, . . The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI so this would be like having J Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s
in J. FBI a in would . so , the level at unwittingly Edgar to the Weathermen members the being back high US bombers having like this Hoover MoI employ be equivalent of Iraq 1960 the
8
, . Although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells I don't find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the Iraqi government very hopeful
announcement very news make doing I , identifying to . terror that find progress up although cells iraqi the government and the the the probably in not show Baathists being hopeful continue breaking to penetrate
15
- .) This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center north of the country
) being the country bombings numbers . this opposed of center difference the the north in as of willingness - the south to in main the
25
- : . . Al Zaman The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday denied a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the Dec 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in Baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office
party Electoral sufficiently individuals Zaman in from on office activities the Debaathification to exclude - civil Dec. of being they Commission having Commission warrant of denied Friday the running in grounds being involved Al 15 on to a on 51 the from iraqi request High Baath : elections lists . exclude
31
, , . He is no longer in the dominant Shiite list the United Iraqi Alliance and won't have many seats in the new parliament
no longer and in the the Iraqi in have shiites not , will parliament many he dominant the United seats . being , Alliance new list
32
, , . Some 2 000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have
. blocked army being Chalabi have the have 2,000 old to Baath of months officers could something recent he , have duty in junior recalled if would some
39
. . The trial begins again Nov 28
again trial 28 begins Nov. . the
41
, . Baghdadis don't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more you never know where you might get stuck
they more venture any . Baghdadis doing out might get not where neighbourhoods you stuck knew , much you never of
43
, - . My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now helicopters have been circling over our heads non stop
neighbourhood troops days , heads . have my over now for helicopters being surrounded circling by non-stop we three americans being having
48
, , , ? Even the IP and ICDC have abandoned the neighbourhood and those are trained and armed so don't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank doesn't bomb them and also how are American soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the Fedayeen
fedayeen the abandoned going americans the how IP or tank soldiers and to ? to valiant neighbourhood ICDC inside and helicopter trained from , and a so civilians brave scared the the and hide being , not , expect even to pray distinguish civilians not also doing bomb being those and anything a doing have except and armed they does
50
, ( ). Most people haven't gone to work the last few days although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is 'normal' if you can define what normal is
the Baghdad being normal ( of what peoples ' ' ) that normal work most define you seems . have being to not the although days if went , few it can rest lasted
51
, , " , ". There are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last April and I have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like This time we will be the first to loot we didn't get anything the last time
I about youngsters another . it the slum neighbourhood saying doing being will " overheard and banks anything , first about property not joking be like took place to have dwellers , " we for similar things one preparations and lasted to spree against rumours time loot get this my by lasted in public there the we time governmental , April and that already looting the
53
, , , , , . What irritates me is this sudden false 'solidarity' between Sunni and Shi'ite clerics we all know that they would be glad to get at each others throats when they have the chance and Shia clerics were describing Fallujan insurgents as 'Ba'athists' 'Saddamites' 'Wahhabis' and 'terrorists' just a few days ago
chance get ' just being sunni , ' , that as . insurgents ' a false and at sudden , throats glad we solidarity clerics , ago they the ' days each ' s ' describing to they being fallujan other terrorists this when ' ' Wahhabis and knew between being shi'ite clerics irritates Saddamites and Ba'athists having all few I , ' shia ' would what
55
, , , . I guess it's just the old new Arab 'Me against my brother me and my brother against my cousin me and my cousin against my enemy' or 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' thing going on again
I the of brother , my against cousin enemy I brother just my going on my and my enemy the my again enemy my I and against I old cousin my being ' , friend against ' arab ' being thing . it , new ' guess or
58
" ", " ", " " . They are targetting ambulances American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women and They are using cluster bombs against civilians is all you get to hear from him
" they get against and " cluster " " all and bombs being being targetting americans being they ambulances pregnant being , using he you to " shooting civilians " . snipers women , heard from children
62
, - , " , ". Azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin an Al Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad' in which he stated that although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions
in , bin signed the from Muqrin deter Azzaman being that a committing Islam Qaeda Abdul against to ' this he if operative in stated it a - criminal case Jihad newspaper islamic use not in but . ' which website announcement " Al by although permitted originally of Aziz infidels it , being Arabia on allowed a dead Muslims actions bodies mentioned in Saudi voice , they " mutilating
63
" , ", " , , ". He added that America does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation they were kicked out of Somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in Mogadishu for the whole world to see and that the day will come when the dead bodies of Americans and Jews would be dragged defiled and stepped on in the Arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters
understand anything being " in Mogadishu peninsula and to and humiliation agents after " not on that and day , , and dead " the the , being in , whole will of kicked Arabian see retaliation bodies together the with would soldier they stepped out except come Jews they and when Americans does Somalia that " world America of the in that dragged the . force for defiled being supporters added dragged of language he
64
. Elena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history
nuclear of in through revived disasters the in Chernobyl motorcycle most history . interest Elena tour around one serious region 's having the
80
... , , , .... a drop in the birth rate a deterioration in women's reproductive health an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth and a deterioration in neonatal health
and birth complications during in rate in in ... the , .... a deterioration health drop , in , health reproductive deterioration pregnancy increase 's a neonatal a birth women a and
81
- , , - - : , , . The dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries Belarus Russia and Ukraine in the post accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies the morbidity rate is going up the number of really healthy children is dropping and disability is increasing
the the , characterized . of health in being change Ukraine Chernobyl the dropping Russia persistent rate being up morbidity really three tendencies stated healthy children , all in Belarus countries , accident the - of and : by the negative and dynamics increasing children disability of going by being - being in of the , affected period numbers post-accident
89
:// . . / / . / . http www ibiblio org expo soviet exhibit chernobyl html
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
90
:// . . . / / / / _ / _ . # http www ibrae ac ru IBRAE eng chernobyl nat rep nat repe htm 24
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
91
:// . . . / / . http www nsrl ttu edu chernobyl wildlifepreserve htm
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
92
:// . . / / / / . http www environmentalchemistry com yogi hazmat articles chernobyl1 html
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
93
:// _ . . / . http digon va tripod com Chernobyl htm
http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm
94
:// . . / _ / / . http www oneworld org index oc issue196 byckau html
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
95
:// . . / / http www collectinghistory net chernobyl
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
96
:// . . / _ . http www ukrainianweb com chernobyl ukraine htm
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
97
:// . . / / / / . http www bullatomsci org issues 1993 s93 s93Marples html
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html
98
:// . . . / / - % . http www calguard ca gov ia Chernobyl 15 20years htm
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm
99
:// . . / / / / . http www infoukes com history chornobyl gregorovich index html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
100
:// . . / / / http www un org ha chernobyl
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
101
:// . . / / / / . http www tecsoc org pubs history 2002 apr26 htm
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
102
:// . . . / . http www chernobyl org uk page2 htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
103
:// . . / / / / . . http www time com time daily chernobyl 860901 accident html
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
104
:// . . / / / / http www infoukes com history chornobyl elg
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
105
:// . - . / / / . http www world nuclear org info chernobyl inf07 htm
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
106
:// . . / / / / . http www nea fr html rp chernobyl conclusions5 html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
107
:// . . / / / / . http www nea fr html rp chernobyl c01 html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
108
:// . . / / / / . http www nea fr html rp chernobyl c05 html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
109
:// . . . / / . http www physics isu edu radinf chern htm
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm
110
:// . . / http www chernobyl info en
http://www.chernobyl.info/en
111
:// . . . / . http www arps org au Chernobyl htm
http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm
112
:// - . . / / / . http www formal stanford edu jmc progress chernobyl html
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
113
:// . . / / . http www 21stcenturysciencetech com articles chernobyl html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html
116
( !) -- .... As a child in the 50's I had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy primitive at best and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging they said it was not CA but stopped the treatments
therapy saying with lot radiation lesion .... started neck my have -- glandular of ca a treatments they being primitive and stopped enlarging ) in it I and but ! at on ( as 50' the not it best stopped child treated when they a problems the a
119
& -- ....... Don't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima Nagaski folks there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl
being having Chernobyl folks still have done radiation not doing mention Hirsohima the about ....... & can radiation -- be and of doing effects in doubts no what Nagaski there to to
120
( :// . . / / . ) . The Chernobyl Children's Project http www adiccp org home default asp offers several ways to help the children of that region
helped 's http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp Chernobyl ) offers children Project that of to several . ways region Children the ( the
122
, , , . . Even a little time spent receiving wholesome uncontaminated food good medical care etc can add years to their lives
, years wholesome even time spent uncontaminated they , receiving can medical adds food etc. . care little lives better a , to
123
. ; . S and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years to see these little ones breaks the heart
the having many of and having hosted heart these several years see these a for S. little children to ones who I breaks ; acquaintance .
126
. I'm sorry to say Elena's story has been revealed to be a fake
fake sorry I 's being Elena a to having to being say being story revealed .
130
) . , " " - . These are 1 Assassinate or overthrow Gen Pervez Musharraf the Pakistani military president who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the United States against the Taliban and al Qaeda
Musharraf and having Taliban 1999 ) president United " Qaeda these Pervez Gen. thrown who pakistani assassinate and in - a military , or the 1 . lot al the against be make with overthrow he coup the States " in having
141
, - , . On the other restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream Muslim League N and Pakistan People's Party who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police
. League MMA not Pakistan , Muslim the and , 's should in if Party on fair can restrictions hogtied other defeat the by on the N lifted the secret mainstream police - being People who elections
143
- . Al Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf's lack of progress in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his overthrow
to Al lack helping the 's Zawahiri stated progress in indian a Muslims use for attempted . justification - of as he Musharraf of overthrow that
149
, . But Sharon's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace and the Bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the West Bank and Gaza
Sharon but on stopped pressure a Bank means working to colonization 's Gaza as , the and Bush he to West and outrages apply finally iron not will effective establishing the of . have and simply of general in peace being Sharon fist administration
150
, - . Sharon's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further which spill over into the Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al Qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the United States
spill its for hard hit in al Sharon - , which tandem States 's to . for agents Qaeda as search to tensions ratchet having further further terrorism United tool the with in over 's worked into the and up Hamas willing recruiting world line muslim serve and a
152
) , . 3 Make Iraq another Afghanistan using the Republican Right's own tactics against them
Afghanistan the Iraq . 's Republican , using another against 3 making they ) own tactics Right
153
: - , . Response Iraq is actually hostile territory for al Qaeda and without Iraqi sympathizers it cannot succeed there
it Iraq territory al there response . without for iraqi Qaeda not : and - succeed , can actually sympathizers being hostile
160
- . Getting the Spanish out of Iraq isn't nearly as good a rallying cry for al Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out
the world . Qaeda - out spanish nearly Iraq getting a the al of better in rallying Americans as out and cry for british getting the being not as arab
161
- , . The thing to keep in mind is that Sunni Arab nationalists and Baathists and local Sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the US in Iraq than al Qaeda infiltrators and it would be dangerous to take one's eyes off the former ball
former that in would nationalists being thing being more keeping being off 's remain the - in and to sunni take eyes far ball infiltrators likely . and Iraq local one al dangerous US to sunni mind arab to it , the to Qaeda dangerous than Baathists the and radicals
162
. . George W Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president
W. John being Bush George lacks to experience alleged Edwards necessary that . the president Thursday
164
: Let's just remember a seminal Bush moment in 1999
a in lets just moment 's remember Bush seminal 1999 :
165
' Bush fails reporter's pop quiz on international leaders
's quiz on international ' reporter fails pop Bush leaders
167
: : . . ( ) Web posted at 3 29 p m EST 2029 GMT
: ( ) 2029 posted web 3:29 EST p.m. at GMT
169
. . , " , , " . Texas Gov George W Bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots but President Bill Clinton says Bush should and probably will pick up those names
probably should current but name up Bush George will hot , Clinton Texas Bill W. leaders and world unable being President the names sharp those of to Gov. spots criticism four for Bush , " enduring " , being saying . pick
173
, - " ." Bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of Taiwan referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng hui simply as Lee
. , Teng to simply the to " " to response hui as the partial Lee able being referring President taiwanese Bush only a query giving - Taiwan of Lee leader on
175
" ?" Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan
? " Pakistan the of in being charge name general can you who "
176
, . , . Hiller asked inquiring about Gen Pervaiz Musharraf who seized control of the country October 12
October , 12 about who country seized Musharraf the . Gen. control , asked Hiller inquiring Pervaiz of
177
" , , ?" . Wait wait is this 50 questions asked Bush
wait . questions , this , 50 being wait Bush " asked ? "
178
: " , ." . . . Hiller replied No it's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots
four it " being : , replied hot of no spots " . leaders . Hiller . . four questions four in
179
." It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that's good news for the subcontinent
appears the better guy for it subcontinent the being and that being country going I " this news bring thought to to stability .
180
. Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan's recent coup
recent statement . Bush released Pakistan a he Friday comments taking coup 's Gore to on for task
181
" -- -- " ," . I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country the world's oldest democracy would characterize the military takeover as good news Gore said
Gore troubling we news characterize better as the for -- I military candidate democracy world it president would " oldest the " find a in . " country saying takeover 's , that --
183
. A spokesman for President Clinton also criticized Bush's comments
's . criticized spokesman Clinton a President for also Bush comments
184
" ," , . It is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments said David Leavy spokesman for the National Security Council
for spokesman saying democratically Council for to , Leavy the " David elected " being Security very , country the it this governments dangerous National condone . of overthrow
185
, - " ," , , " !" Not only did Bush not know who General Pervez Musharraf was he seems to have confused coup making with taking office and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the Pakistan military then the world's strongest supporter of the Taliban would bring stability
bring that confused world , the a have taking overthrow know only " , not stability not " elected Musharraf supporter coup the the Pervez " Pakistan power - minister , with military to prime and " he of making seems office 's going suggest on installation being then moreover the doing would who , General Bush the strongest and to Taliban in of of !
186
, . Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger
he to make , a confronting Nawaz part over over explicitly so 's Musharraf military in warmonger of coup back because he to as Kashmir from Prime power that India willingness the Sharif . came anger Minister 's down
187
. I can't tell you how ominous I found Bush's performance in that interview
performance that . told 's ominous not I found interview in can I Bush you how
188
" ," . I still remember him stuttering about the General unable to remember Musharraf's name
" remember general stuttering I , Musharraf name about 's the to remember still " . he unable
190
, " ." He obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy equating dictatorship with stability
" better he rule than liked equating stability , obviously . " with dictatorship democracy authoritarian
191
, , -- . And he didn't think he needed to know anything about South Asia with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics the latter a dire security threat to the US
security dire not and a politics think doing , the the about know nuclear its threat latter anything to and . he South needed religious -- he radical with to US giants , Asia
192
. He couldn't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less
when could told opposed not being to becoming things unstable . more he as less
196
, , . So one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit Bush should have declined to run himself
merit Edwards declined if should , run so one , himself that answer about have any charge to . to Bush 's have being Bush it
199
: " . . , . This is what Edwards' campaign literature said about his positions Edwards believes that the U S must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts from reducing tensions between India and Pakistan to the peace process in Northern Ireland
Ireland in a " this resolve peace : from Edwards about between active the reducing ' Northern campaign tensions to leader , the India he being and Edwards what to helped being saying conflicts Pakistan that U.S. believes must positions . literature process
200
, . . ." Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel and believes that the U S has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians
and supporter U.S. Israelis , of peace in vital that " believes role between Edwards a promoting Israel . having the the strong the Palestinians being a and
201
. I don't see Bush doing any of this
doing not of . this doing I Bush any see
202
From Friday's Daily Star
's Daily from Friday Star
205
, - . As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti American terrorism
. blow could that public terrorism US for the creating on the as war conditions Iraq back begun the americans anti-americans the , by have of gradually the some crisis worrying wearies
213
, , , . It is estimated to have some 5 000 armed fighters and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war
to , it sliver syrian they forces . after war to fighters have withdraw 5,000 Israel from annexed have israeli that attacks to estimated territory 1967 , a against Farms being compel they some armed and Shebaa pursued the of the
214
, , . Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment must therefore closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare
Iraq war and the the therefore assessment , its on any conduct thorough of on environment the , closely its asymmetrical impact security examine Israel 's . aftermath effect of warfare of likely must
223
- . The bungling of post war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state
failed . Iraq of the by administration and Bush post-war bungling created the stated a weak
225
, , - . The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq whose 15 000 strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards
, chose the by the trained Revolutionary groups for 15,000 in strong - . such being the the itself US with Council Badr Islamic Guards to Corps ally paramilitary Revolution Iraq whose Supreme Iranian as
226
- - . Anti Israeli and pro Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents
and iraqi ideological feeling . strong groups and major being among currents several pro-palestinian anti-israeli
227
, , . The more radical Shiites who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini routinely chant and demonstrate against Israel
against Khomeini , of Iran Shiites Ruhollah the follow chant Ayatollah and the routinely 's Israel . who , demonstrate generally theocratic radical notions more
230
, . These Shiite movements had been suppressed by Saddam Hussein's regime but have now organized and armed themselves
being , Hussein suppressed movements these and but by have organized regime . Saddam shiites themselves now having 's armed
235
, - . Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians and those in post Saddam Iraq are no exception
universally exception in and sympathize groups , with arab Iraq secular . those Palestinians nationalist post-saddam being also the no
236
, . Whereas Saddam Hussein's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control they are now free to organize
free Saddam currents control , ensured whereas dictatorship populist to now under firmly that being organize such . 's keeping being they Hussein
238
, . If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq its citizens will be able to benefit from the country's petroleum reserves
citizens reserves benefit . to will 's if of from and even its country the modicum can being security a normality petroleum being , able returned Iraq to
240
, . Israel's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians
Israel the neighbors by served land Palestinians 's being . trading peace being peace which for achieved , with by interests security best only its can with
241
. Ariel Sharon's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence
West Bank any and palestinian rage of and of half aggressive occupied almost annexation violence he Ariel 's near stated created . the unprecedented postponement of Sharon indefinite have
243
- - - , , . The promotion by the pro Zionist right of twin occupations in the West Bank and in Iraq has profoundly weakened not strengthened Israeli security
Iraq Bank , - promotion , West the and in weakened twin having not pro-zionist profoundly israeli . of strengthened in the occupations by right the security -
244
( . . ) " " ( . . , ). Juan Cole www juancole com is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of Sacred Space and Holy War I B Tauris 2002
the of www.juancole.com modern being ) of Tauris I.B. ( history ) War of and East University . " at " Sacred 2002 Space professor Cole Holy a Middle author and Michigan , Juan (
249
, , . Apart from the 1 200 Indian lives lost in 1987 the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty
the among losed and of being apart Nadu lives majority not they the indian it sovereignty force 1,200 in unpopular a from who immensely 1987 violation peninsula Jaffna peacekeeping . but considered in Tamil also the 's only country the , indian sinhalese
253
" " , - - , . While India is ready to enter into a defense cooperation agreement with Sri Lanka it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation's two decades old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority leaving over 60 000 dead on both sides
majority island seeing defense sinhalese it while ethnic enter drawn any 60,000 ready civil violent with 's leaving two into dead between being on Tamils a the agreement in war the cooperation wary . , - decades India that of having Sri and both being over sides Lanka involvement being - strife to into old nation military " "
254
- . And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four day visit to India recently
. 's that that defense sri of recently delay of visit formal explains four India to the agreement Chandrika - signing the heart President at and a being lankan day in the Kumaratunga
256
, , . For that reason he said Kumaratunga's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with Indian support
reason with 's , saying . beef up indian support being military for preparedness , he government that to Kumaratunga keen
258
," . And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive Muni told IPS
the IPS , . being the look on another they if launching Tigers of as told Muni offensive brink " and
261
- . Kumaratunga's India tour preceded a three day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002
a three peace supposed follow by Lanka 2002 in Petersen Minister to Sri tour India February successfully 's revive norwegian ceasefire the being Kumaratunga talks . bid Oslo day Foreign new Jan visit in - brokered a preceded to that a that to
265
, . According to former Indian army general A S Kalkat the difficulty for Kumaratunga's government lay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control
former running every east a to indian areas jure for government power S of being in LTTE island fact the Kalkat control in administration and . north according de the that civil in become the difficulty layed A army , the of the the having its 's within Kumaratunga general aspect and
266
- - - . A veteran of India's military intervention in the Jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 Indo Sri Lanka Peace Accord which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable LTTE Kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment
saying . helped provided the the defense new formidable deal - reiteration commitment being for a in - veteran Peace - Sri the of ambitiously a would military older India disarming Lanka minus of military peninsula 's the its Accord LTTE the the Jaffna intervention one indo implement 1987 essentially to which of Kalkat
268
" [ ] ," . The Norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the LTTE is keenly aware that they do not have the power unlike India to underwrite any arrangement Kalkat told IPS in an interview
not being told a " the limited broker that " Kalkat the ] in arrangement have any but . , aware to underwrite interview and honest being doing role they [ they of power the IPS to LTTE unlike that well India keenly mean Norwegians
272
, . About 1 200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict
soldiers during conflict indian . 1,200 of phase being the this about killed
274
, $ . . Last June an international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of US 4 5 billion
international failed aid us$ come back June lasted a billion LTTE initiative 4.5 the led offer negotiating Japan , table despite of package the to persuade . a by to to
275
, , , . Japan's special envoy Yasushi Akashi who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man
and money who Kilinochchi in back man in visits would frustrated being for from peace Japan a to called Colombo , November 's Yasushi progress before . the the released special Akashi came process tangible , early , envoy
277
, , " , ." The Tigers' chief ideologue Balasingham sniffed at the proposal saying that a solution to the ethnic conflict cannot be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces
ethnic having , . ' ideologue of by but chief " the a the , of resolutions in solution constraints conferences forces the or Tigers at " external to being saying without can not the donor negotiated sniffed the conflict predetermined the conflict to parties , declarations by Balasingham proposal that being
280
" ," . Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement
between . statement Sri the process peace quoted " for defense Sinhala being war as a India in " P proposed another abandoning to current the , Sithamparanathan and rulers members prepare TNA parliament Lanka that saying feel would agreement Tamils encourage of
281
" ". She added that recent visits to the island by India's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island
that General Nirmal . " have top by another under including army the way to 's in military chief island war the brass visits island for India preparations recent among " that being she added Vij Tamils caused Chander apprehension
282
- , , - . But Kalkat pointed out that India would be ill advised to be involved again militarily with Sri Lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic Tamils in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu separated from Sri Lanka's Jaffna peninsula by the narrow Palk Straits
- but consider to peninsula still Nadu being stated narrow Sri ethnic again only if indian from advised Kalkat of India Sri Straits the , be sentiments 's Palk million in with because have ill to - of . separated 45 out pointed Jaffna would involved Lanka Tamil Lanka militarily that Tamils the by the , it
283
, , . Apart from the 1 200 Indian lives lost in 1987 the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty
losed unpopular peacekeeping force the 1987 country who a 's , among . indian Nadu indian in but of majority from 1,200 Tamil immensely only considered they it and apart violation the sinhalese sovereignty peninsula lives the the also not in Jaffna being
284
, , , , . The best option now under the present difficult circumstances is for Colombo to do its own dirty work although New Delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion ethnicity and language cannot be the basis for secession
. the and now because counted of basis religion work for being difficult better being own circumstances best New Colombo the neighborly although belief , , the to always help under language can can option for , not on its render to that , Delhi ethnicity doing dirty being shared present secession the
285
, : " ." In any case Kalkat puts it succinctly There cannot be a military option to what is a political situation
be political Kalkat puts option to not case there " " in succinctly what situation : . a it military can a any , being
286
/ / Asia Times Online 16 11 2004
Online Times 16/11/2004 Asia
290
. . M D Nalapat
M.D. Nalapat
291
. . -- -- , . While most U S secretaries of state save perhaps Dean Rusk have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with few have been as brazen as Colin Powell
few brazen credit gobbled U.S. Colin outcomes , up as secretaries little have Powell doing stated being -- perhaps have save of they with have . for most to Dean while that as -- Rusk
293
" " , . As Pakistan's president had been telling the United States he was forced into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman this was an embarrassment
hawkish into the the , " Rahman as he United 's taking likes India being president . Pakistan " by of precisely embarrassment on a this being forced having line States a telling being
296
, . . , , . Realists and this even includes members of the U S Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia understand the only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo
policy quo in feasible divest only another , establishment Asia foreign even being who for the status this such solution democratic understand includes to have Kashmir long nuclear power acceptance capability U.S. Strobe its the , the against defensive sought of realists India as Talbott members of of . , the and
299
, ( ), . . . Bill Clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet under Colin Powell who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics the pendulum of U S policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the Valley of Kashmir loose from India
having pendulum under in the Colin a loose yet of in Kashmir generals Valley prize U.S. swought Clinton office affinity who term of appears ( to quixotic . Powell he a once end of policy again politics at ) the , , from toward least active this the Bill India understood have at to for effort
300
, , " " . This Pakistan's lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca has been told is the minimum that the Pakistan army will accept
's that accept Washington lobbyist in minimum Christina this having being , the army being Pakistan " " . Pakistan the told , Rocca will
302
- , - , . This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a Hindu majority Jammu a Buddhist dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley with the third state given little of taxpayers' money but substantial autonomy
overwhelmingly of Buddhist trifurcation the with years ' stated this having dominated for the a Kashmir but . muslim into given writer indian Jammu Ladakh best being the majority little as stated the money , problems taxpayers solution Kashmir the third and a the autonomy Valley hindu regarded - of to of the - substantial part ,
304
, . . , . The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir would be happy with such an outcome except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the U S State Department and the Pakistan Army which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971
, defeat patronized except catastrophic in Kashmir , with by jihadi such Army Bangladesh India to would State likes which 1971 . majority with being the the segment score tiny even the outcome for a for U.S. overwhelming Department the would and the they in of Muslims Pakistan in happy
308
. , . Despite Sept 11 the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy
. jihad despite happy that United , Kashmir Musharraf as back groups supports being still the price paying the 11 Sept. Washington Pervez keeping States part of the to
309
, . Unfortunately for them the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad
they Indians unfortunately it nudging general that , . gestures being Powell toward for frequent decided to the he seriously Colin take having boasts the Islamabad make on conciliatory that 's
310
. . , , . The U S State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir and in most of them the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova
the under Kashmir its lead being loose U.S. control , solution numerous and from emerged of conferences and valley Ibrahim its indian and own misnamed having Department tanks , that Rugova think follow State version of prized in . a held that on have they the the most
316
, , . Unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell's bluff challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the Indians jump to his commands
Indians 's called Asia , indefinitely challenging statements of the , for to to bluff carry commands those eager South on he with implying Musharraf unfortunately the Pervez lucrative that Powell on Colin he resolution he jump conflict in now to . frequent having business deliver
319
, , . . -- " " . Under President Hu Jintao Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year making friends by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U N Security Council thus leaving Washington as the only one of the permanent five that has not yet done so
-- " out of of as five Beijing leaving not Minister Security under permanent , being and having done permanent that Jintao having years " the visit to early expected U.N. . by formally as members only next so Sikkim India backing making the Washington friends Delhi , and New Jiabao yet opened to President of part thus Wen as Prime the Council a India Hu one accepting
320
, . . With Colin Powell around the U S has no need of an Osama bin Laden
having of bin Osama Powell no with U.S. need Colin a , the Laden around
321
. . , , , . M D Nalapat an expert on jihad is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education India
India Education Academy professor the of , Nalapat . on Higher geopolitics jihad Manipal a , at of M.D. being , expert
322
/ / Washington Times 28 10 2004
Times Washington 28/10/2004
325
, - , - " ". Four whole months after which he took advantage of a little known little invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his band of brothers
he invoken a whole - of advantage of . took after known months to little he regulation four band allowed he little " desert that , which brothers " - ,
333
, , ! And let's remember flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous
remember supersonic , being flying ! jets dangerous 's , lets fighter and
334
. They don't let just anybody do it
doing it just not let they anybody . doing
335
( , ) . Some reporters you know the ones with journalistic ethics have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard
the with Bush ethics have National about knew , ones services actually . the you ) uncovered truth Air the George Guard journalistic ( some in 's Texas reporters
337
- ( ). What follows is the text of an e mail sent to me by a friend of mine thanks to Dave Manzano
what a being by a mine of thanks to the . ) ( friend to follows text e-mail I of sent Dave Manzano
340
Bush’s National Guard years
Bush 's National Guard years
341
, Before you fall for Dems’ spin here are the facts
here Dems spin facts you , being the ' fall for before
343
? That he didn’t show up for duty in Alabama
for in not Alabama doing show that up he duty ?
346
. News coverage of the president’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else
having exclusion the to the time of tended everything 's brief portion news Guard the years . focus president one coverage virtually - else to of on that of in
361
, , ( , - - ). According to records released earlier this year Bush earned 253 points in his first year May 1968 to May 1969 since he joined in May 1968 his service thereafter was measured on a May to May basis
, years a released 1968 earned , he to - ) in years - measured being since Bush he May to ( points 1969 records 253 to he joined on , May . this earlier May according basis May 1968 May services thereafter in first
369
( - ) ( , ). That brings the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “deserted” according to anti Bush filmmaker Michael Moore or went “AWOL” according to Terry McAuliffe chairman of the Democratic National Committee
when Bush Terry going National that " being to the of May ( chairman " focus that " the of awol - " news or , time ) to ) Committee story brings to so - 1972 the ( McAuliffe Democratic reports . anti-bush filmmaker having Moore according according Michael deserted many the
373
, , . “In 1972 there was an enormous glut of pilots ” Campenni says
, been enormous saying there of . in " Campenni a glut 1972 , pilots "
374
, . “The Vietnam War was winding down and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs
the Air , being War putting being " and Vietnam the down . jobs winding in desk Force pilots
385
. A 1970 evaluation said Bush “clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot” and was “a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership ”
a " top contemporaries out leader Bush a pilot a look to stands . evaluation and being for " " as notch saying fighter 1970 interceptor whom clearly natural he leadership "
386
. A 1971 evaluation called Bush “an exceptionally fine young officer and pilot” who “continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase his proficiency even further ”
increase he unit officer who proficiency flies pilot 1971 Bush intercept a missions a " with to fine the evaluation called continually even . " " " youngest exceptionally further and
387
. And a 1972 evaluation called Bush “an exceptional fighter interceptor pilot and officer ”
a pilot " and . fighter officer evaluation " exceptional a called Bush and 1972 interceptor
388
, , . Now it is only natural that news reports questioning Bush’s service — in The Boston Globe and The New York Times on CBS and in other outlets — would come out now
Boston - would being and it and reports only in services New that Times CBS - , outlets on news , natural the now . come other questioning in now Bush 's out the Globe York
389
. Democrats are spitting mad over attacks on John Kerry’s record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth
's spitting by record Kerry Veterans mad Boat Truth for Swift the . Democrats John groups on over being attacks
390
, , , . And as it is with Kerry it’s reasonable to look at a candidate’s entire record including his military service — or lack of it
services candidate it record being being 's Kerry to , a military with or lack as including look it it reasonable , - he and at of . , entire
391
. Voters are perfectly able to decide whether it’s important or not in November
not voters able decide November or being perfectly important it whether to being . in
392
, . The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans’ attack but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons
reasons who the they ' gets having camp anyone the but sense spent being boat . blames much own for , Swifties talking Swift the entirely time it to that Bush doing Kerry attack the veterans they for
393
, . And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally questioned Bush’s service while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry’s
personally Bush it services having being noted should personally Kerry in 's that questioned , having while questioned and not . passing Kerry 's Bush
394
, , . In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “has yet to explain to America whether or not and tell the truth about whether he showed up for duty ”
America about veterans said whether and a - up truth Swift . whether April told boat in or duty , showed yet having before - not to , having for to Bush " Kerry " word saying the he explain the
395
, , , , . Earlier Kerry said “Just because you get an honorable discharge does not in fact answer that question ”
honorable discharge a , , fact saying get " question does that not you in Kerry just answers , , . because " earlier
397
. That’s fine
fine that being .
405
, , ( ) . The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5 000 or so balloting centres
they able measures protect interim security ) ( promised being , so day or of having the all 5,000 I would elections the on how see centres that government . but the to will fail reduce violence balloting to
407
, - . Now that the picture is clear the two main competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi's Al Iraqiya list
. being seem competing two pictures lists now main clear , to Iraqi Iraqiya United that the Coalition being the list list and Al the Allawi - 's
409
, . One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar 'gifts' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis
practice conference many handed brings a to minister . Allawi back a Iraqis 100 dollar one attending journalists for ' memories gifts press that ' out to bad , reportedly
411
, , . Indeed Sistani's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections which has led to the assassination of at least two of them
, Shia active , have being educating iraqi they led which . merits all assassination 's of the over to elections the least agents on Sistani country two in at of having the quite indeed of
413
, . Again there is no official written statement from Sistani's office confirming this allegation which I think is intentional
from statement official again . 's I thought allegation written intentional confirming this no which there Sistani being , being office
415
" " " ", " " " ". Chalabi describing Sha'lan as a Ba'athist and a former double agent for Saddam and the CIA while Sha'lan dismisses Chalabi as a thief and an Iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending Iran
own a describing for " Saddam Iran by dismisses CIA Ba'athist " who . , while longs a a and a " double thief Sha'lan stooge Chalabi he and origins " Sha'lan " " " " Chalabi as for and as the former defending iranian agent
416
- , . One remark made by Sha'lan on Al Arabiya TV that he couldn't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor
Chalabi almost that I and embarrass Sha'lan could - would more himself he say viewers he floor Arabiya because not roll , make about by on Al . TV make the one remark on the
419
- , , - , . . - , , . Hazim Al Sha'lan by the way is the son of the late Sheikh of Al Khaza'il in Diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister M S Al Sahaf in his nonsensical media statements which can be passed as jokes
Sha'lan being , as - in passed to the information the Al Sahaf and son Sheikh , he Diwaniya - the - jokes M.S. of , by way potential Hazim having minister which Al in Al of . being media replace the can late former , Khaza'il nonsensical statements ,
430
( ) , , ( ), . After asking me which tribe I belong to thus assessing my sectarian background he started hurling abuses at the Shia calling them Persians Majoos fire worshippers rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that I can't mention here
dogs I after assessing the sectarian that ( my can started Shia calling a hurling other handful Majoos , which and they to belong I worshippers thus fire tribe not abuses he Persians ( I ) of rabid here ) mention , at . background , asking descriptions
431
* . He described Allawi's face as that of a f ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors
he of as dismissed traitors government face 's Allawi described thieves f*eded a as a he that . and and of band horses the whole
432
. I didn't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess
he asked to but he not argue I would he believed being this what doing mess I with . a solution viable
434
, ( ). First driving out the Americans then fighting the Shia back into submission as in 1991
the in submission , as 1991 first ( back then driving out the fighting Americans into . Shia )
441
, , . But I also see that as a fatal misconception which is doing Sunnis harm because I don't believe the US is going anywhere so soon
as soon , not that US fatal also Sunnis doing I believe I but . , anywhere doing which because going so misconception being the being see a harm
449
- - - - , . The Al Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al Dulaymi an Air Force general belonging to their tribe
in Ramadi they . Saddam mid-nineties Force in in against Bu belonging rose the execution to Al general tribe the of arms Air Dulaymi Qaim following a - Al the - , and - Nimr Al Madhlum Thamir
454
, . The Shia cannot live without the Sunnis and vice versa
Shia Sunnis the not and live the , vice without . versa can
458
, . Here's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo published yesterday
operative Herald luxury in , interview . CIA a published a former and Miami relaxed the condo yesterday being with terrorist here
459
(" . At first I hid a lot
a . at hid I " lot first (
461
.") Now I hide a lot less
hide . now I a ) " less lot
463
. I can't imagine they wanted to do this
this wanted not imagine they . can doing I to
464
. Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about Posada's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug
with . answering being happy authorities shrug about Posada questions indefinite whereabouts a would likely 's have
467
, . And though he'd been a faithful servant he was not such a player that he could get away with that
he he a get being away could having that player faithful a and that though he , not such . with being servant
469
, " , , ." Posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like Meiring told the single American reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the Philippines that If this harms me in any way you will find my power then and you'll find out who I am
should this bloody . find any at , Meiring you Philippines following will single told americans " harms will been journalist any then out power have you from , trail the and my something find the if in he doorstep I Posada inquisitive like " way told bothered that I , who who reporter he
470
, , . But then maybe that wouldn't have saved him either because Posada is not Meiring
then being not because , have , saved Posada but maybe . he that Meiring would not either
471
, . Posada can be given up but Meiring can't
can , being Meiring not Posada up can given . but
472
, " ." Meiring's crimes are fresh and wave the false flag which is the War on Terror
" fresh Meiring wave being flag war . crimes which the 's the false terror and , " on being
474
( .) Ask Terry Nichols about the Philippines
( Nichols . ask Philippines Terry the ) about
476
, , , . Posada's crimes on the other hand must seem like ancient history especially to a people who don't know their history
on history , they , other seem , crimes a must people 's who like Posada . to know the hand especially not ancient doing history
477
, . And to those who don't even know their crimes not even that
, even those that . know doing not and they even not who to crimes
481
- - . The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post Chavez Allawi like puppet in Caracas
like can . being offered be Posada may to in post-chavez a that - Allawi hope puppets Caracas the soon
483
, . But Posada's nearly 80 years old and the Venezuelan people will ensure that's a vain hope
a ensure , hope old years vain the venezuelan nearly that being 80 peoples being . Posada will but and
487
" ." His case threatens the consensus fiction of the War on Terror
fiction of war " terror the on case threatens he the " . consensus
492
:// . . / / / / / - - http www amazon ca exec obidos ASIN 0915765381 701 3377456 8181939
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939
493
- , , , , . I've read the book it's a first person memoir with the ring of truth especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug connections that led to Terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the TWIG counterintelligence group that ran interference for the Contra effort staffed by covert ops types including Ollie North Robert Owen Vince Cannistaro and Buck Revell
, for first . the that - led groups including context much so the target Robert allegations the , that by being , it covert book Terrell drug since have becoming I types by a ring ops confirmed wider with the discrediting memoir truth Ollie connections staffed counterintelligence for effort TWIG to a , Contra of of read ran Buck especially person North Revell Contra of and interference Vince Cannistaro having the Owen the
494
. Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics
in Terrell he book how by . Dale Scott of includes whistleblowing a 's Peter Cocaine stifled being account Politics they
496
, - , . Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym therefore opening him to cross examination by Wilson the prosecution had a problem
1983 pseudonym prosecution due the that testify could therefore not ruling to a the by , case problems opening a , have in agent to judge Wilson the using he . cross-examination a CIA
499
. The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the 'Office of Naval Intelligence'
from charging both and of services former using . Naval he the rogue being prosecution Intelligence contacts the Office in ' CIA he ' being a
501
. . Then Charles A Briggs came to the rescue
. Charles then Briggs the rescue to came A.
504
:// . . / / / / / / http www disinfo com archive pages dossier id334 pg1
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/
505
, , , - . Last week Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston Texas threw out Wilson's two decades old conviction
, two in District - , Judge threw Huston out conviction Wilson Federal Texas Hughes . , decades 's week lasted Lynn old
507
:// . . / . http www bigeye com 111003 htm
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
508
:// . . / / / . http www thekcrachannel com news 4503872 detail html
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html
511
, . -- PONCHATOULA La
La. -- , PONCHATOULA
512
, ., . Sheriff's deputies in Louisiana made a third arrest Wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula La church
make of sheriff a church animals of sexual deputies the in 's of abuse ongoing investigation Wednesday . and La. involving allegations in Louisiana arrest a a children at Ponchatoula , case , third
515
, , . Tangipahoa Parish sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat 24 was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature
and 's booked rape one against Tangipahoa of count crime Labat of , 24 deputy nature on , Tuesday Christopher Parish Blair count one sheriff aggravated being .
516
, , , , . On Monday Louis Lamonica 45 the former pastor of Hosanna Church was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago
with of two counts two crime and 45 of on saying at Office count booked to in former others reportedly , ago 's Louis the years the he Lamonica in he against Sheriff implicate walked Hosanna the Livingston a , Parish after occurred pastor church could being , and of , Church Monday nature rape that . aggravated one situation
518
. If I was Rummy I'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there
Rummy blow Iraq things I to send Posada to there if up . would being I
519
, " "... yeah things
" things ... " , yeah
520
, ( , ). Yesterday evening the Posada story was featured in the public television news show in Germany ARD Tagesthemen
show . Tagesthemen ( the Posada featured evening yesterday the story in ) news , public , in Germany ARD being television
523
. Now that's a post I can relate to
now post can I to . relate a being that
525
, . I don't know how others feel but I'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option
others option feel . definitely I into being a immigration looking to know not , but Canada I doing how as
526
. The good Ã³l US of A aint what it used to be
the better . to be what old used not being US of A it
529
, hey that's a great blog I also have a site about los angeles online dating
, blog angeles site online being a dating a I about that great hey los having also
535
. I'll be sure to come back
sure will come I being . back to
545
.... . And It's Not Hard To Do IF You Know HOW
. if doing being not it hard and knew you how to ....
546
. Don't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A Look
by you least not a pass this taking looked . at without doing lets
547
$ , ...... ...... . The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE 21 000 And You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You
to follow to you ...... . income above having you you only have and easy the ...... that 21,000 instructions having a catch $ the provided being to
548
- - - . Get A Free House com
get-a-free-house.com
551
- , " " , . + The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka and the recent coup by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy are glaring examples of intelligence failure
political attempt glaring the inability coup . absolute foresee former being of " rally Sheikh King minister and in assassination , by nepalese to lasted at government Dhaka Wazed the monarchy " recent virtual he dismissing Gyanendra Hasina , imposing a in August intelligence the advance examples + political the and 21 prime bangladeshi leader failure on a and pro-india
552
Trouble on India's islands
islands India 's troubles on
554
, , ( ). In early February India charged 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar with hiding in the Landfall Islands part of the Andaman Islands group see end note
arakan , Islands hiding 34 February of end ( groups see Islands , note part ) in in the separatists Landfall . the Myanmar charged early with India from Andaman
559
( ), . It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam LTTE who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea
who also . in LTTE arms of Sea , the Eelam of depot the Liberation Tamil ( it having a ) operate become freely almost Andaman Tigers
561
- , " ". Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy's Far Eastern Naval Command now being established along with India's blue water navy
they with " the blue surrounding cover Far - the have the established security also flocked along . India now story miserable found who navy water 's to another situation correspondents Naval Command 's indian being tsunami in navy " , Eastern
571
" , , , , , ," . Port Blair Havelock Islands Diglipur Middle Nicobar Campbell's Bay Neil Islands and Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners he said
Campbell Nicobar overrun " 's he , " by , , Bay foreigners Neil , being , saying Islands and Middle Islands mostly Havelock . Diglipur , Blair Rangott Port
572
, " " , . An official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50 000 foreigners in the Andaman Islands but unofficial figures are much higher than this
unofficial issued in " foreigners there than " but much suggests being official this the Andaman estimate be . higher figures Islands 2003 a in 50,000 ,
577
, " ." One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region
being smuggling business region unnamed saying " , one in . profitable a arms being quoted officer naval " very this
578
, . Considering the islands' huge strategic importance it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been
, having it New the amazing Delhi strategic being how islands huge . importance considering ' been lax
583
- , " " , . The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka and the recent coup by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy are glaring examples of intelligence failure
assassination minister inability absolute and intelligence in a dismissing political lasted being advance glaring to August Dhaka nepalese the attempt pro-india recent 21 , leader a the " the Sheikh , at coup failure political the . on rally foresee " virtual Wazed Gyanendra Hasina in he of examples by King imposing bangladeshi and prime monarchy and government former
586
, - , - ( ) - , . In fact it would tend to encourage more organized anti India outfits such as the Pakistani Inter Services Intelligence ISI and outside linked Maoists to exploit these networks and weaken India's eastern flank
, Maoists - organized in and . weaken it such and to ISI flank as tend these inter- ) would linked eastern India Intelligence encourage 's Services , exploit to networks the anti-india pakistani outside ( , fact outfits more
587
. Indian intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling
. performance LTTE intelligence startling being with 's dealing indian in lackluster the
588
, - , . This formidable enemy which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid 1980s has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time
in India mid-1980 and the eye Sea . long Andaman for which in being this the having army , enemy a gave operating the formidable black , northeastern indian in a time
590
" ". The arms were said to belong to the LTTE and other terrorist groups
belong . terrorist to the " and the groups being said other to LTTE arms "
596
- ; . On its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa based spy planes of India's Aviation Research Center it was intercepted by Indian naval vessels off Sri Lanka's east coast
east naval being based the it Aviation Center Bay on Bengal by journey ; by - coast vessels Orissa of intercepted of Lanka India its spy indian indian and 's off being the tracked Sri across the 's navy . freighter Research planes
599
- - , , - , . Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket propelled grenade launchers 20 assault rifles M 79 grenade launchers and more than 10 000 rounds of ammunition
launchers 10,000 , weapons rounds launchers of rocket . being - ammunition more 20 among intercepted two m - grenade rifles the 79 assault grenade propelled and - than ,
600
, . Four persons were arrested reportedly belonging to the Manipur Revolutionary People's Front
Manipur People Revolutionary Front reportedly persons . belonging the to arrested being four , 's
602
. The boat was heading toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh
boat Cox toward Bangladesh 's . Bazar the in being heading
604
, . Subsequently Phuket became the LTTE's main backup base
LTTE base the Phuket , . backup 's became subsequently main
610
, , , - . A number of extremist groups under the cover of the Islamist movement have become active in drug trafficking gun running and anti Indian activities
movement in running Islamist extremist . groups cover , , trafficking become active numbers the have , anti-indian drug gun activities a the under and of of
611
, - - - - , , . It is widely acknowledged that the Pakistani ISI has nurtured a number of extremist Islamist groups such as the Harkat ul Jehad al Islami in the port city of Chittagong and put a number of secessionist rebels from India's northeast in touch with this terrorist network
- . this widely being pakistani terrorist , acknowledged Chittagong network the a 's , Harkat it from as - a in city touch secessionist such Islami , that northeast numbers of the ul of groups and - put nurtured al extremist rebels India numbers with of Jehad Islamist having ISI - in port the
614
, , . The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to Cox's Bazar passes through northern Bengal Assam and Meghalaya and on into Chittagong
. Chittagong in northern Assam , Bhutan through into Bazar on and and Bengal to , passes Kalikhola Cox 's from route Meghalaya the
616
, . India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1 000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal
1,000 Sri of in more the . islands Bengal Bay comprise lying than India Nicobar and of Islands east 500 Andaman Lanka 's kilometers
620
- , . Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non Indians and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island
. non-Indians travel and they also Andaman Islands forbidden allowed South not Island of to the in , being parts to Nicobar being some
622
, - . He also writes for Aakrosh India's defense tied quarterly journal
, - tied journal . also defense for he writes India Aakrosh quarterly 's
626
, . “There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan ’’ says a Pakistani official
there there they '' unless undermining pakistani business having a official , Pakistan being " saying . no being
628
, . ] ‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate
Afghanistan it should of soil against will the any saying Pakistan " head National very we seriously to 's working afghan using '' , a . show neighbours Amrullah Saleh we take of Security ] hand we Directorate indian evidence
632
, . The neighbours are still interfering but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it
may trying still . strengthen undermining , the there that signs but now neighbours 's it they than stability Afghanistan be interfering being rather to being
633
, . “The elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable Afghanistan a peaceful Afghanistan is good for all
that being should a neighbours Afghanistan the " all we , for all stable . being better a elections to peaceful reassurance Afghanistan a
634
, . Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan ’’ President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan’s English daily The Nation
daily Afghanistan English should Pakistan Nation 's , feel the looser . in Karzai '' Hamid nobody told a President
637
. , . That changed on September 22 when President George W Bush Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly
22 York of on , Assembly in way three and New George changed President held . Musharraf Karzai on September meeting Bush that W. a the the General when UN sidelines
638
- . The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban
peaceful the CIA Afghanistan together of Defence meeting by the election and non-interference the secure desperately who . alleged to US Taliban backed being Pakistani pushed anxious Department being the a and in
640
, ? ‘’Where are Mullah Omar Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin Hikmetar ’’
? Hikmetar Omar and Gulbuddin Mullah '' , Usmani where being '' Mullah
643
( , - - .) Mullah Omar is leader of the Taliban Usmani is the former corps commander of Kandahar under the Taliban regime and now a commander of Taliban forces while Hikmetyar heads the extremist Hizb e Islami
Kandahar corps e the Omar Taliban Taliban the the regime commander commander forces being - Usmani under - being now Mullah and leader Hizb Hikmetyar . of of Islami heads of while ) the a , extremist former ( Taliban
644
, . ‘’It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis ’’ says a Western diplomat
Pakistanis rather a the '' Bush the diplomat that '' Taliban time western , on than threat Qaeda being Al first totally saying the focused with it .
645
, . ‘’Bush was very well briefed before the meeting ’’ the diplomat said
. the very well being , '' the saying diplomat before '' briefed Bush meeting
646
, . An Afghan official at the meeting added ‘’The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda ’’
realise than '' the a Qaeda , to . threat at security Taliban '' added official the that afghan now bigger Americans the being Al we a meeting
648
, . ‘’President Musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the Taliban ’’ says Karzai
Karzai the curbing we to helped President . , we and Taliban on activity '' Musharraf promised by with terrorist saying cooperate ''
650
. Until then he had said Pakistan’s options were open
options having until then . said being Pakistan he open 's
652
. US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections
from say pressure elections being being the 's persuading too in restrain instrumental NATO whether to tough in US disrupting the Musharraf Taliban Kabul the officers . military it says to and to Bush and ISI early messages
655
, , . ‘’There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways ’’ he adds
. '' both '' adds border still sides , much movement the tactical better both of he but Taliban on between of , there on being ways cooperation forces the we goes
659
, - - - - . Not only is the army facing serious political fallout growing anti Americanism and anti army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties between 400 500 Pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since March
between areas taking being facing the feeling - serious March have also anti-americanism killed fallout 500 pakistani being region in it casualties army anti-army 400 being political , not the soldiers only heavy tribal since - growing . but and the in
665
. Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it cannot happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad
from Pakistan both being a push . until facilitated now Kabul it Islamabad and such not having pull return can from there a until not a happen and clearly
668
. . Afghan officials welcomed the appointment on October 3 of Lt General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief
the Kiyani Lt. welcomed ISI as chief on new officials October General Ashfaq of . afghan 3 the appointment
673
, . “There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan ’’ says a Pakistani official
there having undermining business " '' saying a , no being being unless Pakistan they . pakistani official there
675
, . ‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate
a soil Saleh we using National Pakistan of afghan any the 's Security . neighbours Afghanistan evidence show seriously working Directorate , take '' head saying of hand will we Amrullah we " to against it very indian should
682
, . With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan Iran’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced
and Afghanistan with in military the Iran leadership threat being . 's stabilise US posing on that a borders Karzai helped presence in so Afghanistan being Iraq they moderate keen both to presence , US reduced the
684
, - . Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand a massive Soviet era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran’s border
. massive Soviet kilometres Shindand , iranian - officials deeply of US 30 just being Iran border era occupation from airbase 's concerned a about the
686
. Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai’s campaign against warlords
's objections they because strengthen against to Khan want says ouster officials . 's they iranian no make campaign warlords Karzai to
687
- , , . At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by neo conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressively the Iranians fear that Shindand could be used as a listening post spying facility and even a launching pad for any future US actions against Iran
's US Shindand at and launching actions and pad in that against program by Iran tensions that for Tehran even . over a a a weapons Iranians spying with between time Iran , term calls future post heightened used fear could listening the aggressively second should deal Iran nuclear Bush Washington any as of Washington neo-conservatives and , facility a being
690
, . ‘’We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters ’’ says Barno
in Shindand '' with helicopters numbers saying very having small few a '' . forces of Barno a , we
692
. ‘’Afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the US and Iran
US benefit have Afghanistan having the of and . from '' Iran both cooperation the
693
, . So far what they have done together has been good for us and that’s how we would like to keep it’’ says Karzai
what for that being we would we to , Karzai so how they keeping far together done saying having '' and likes it . better being have
694
, . Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan’s neighbours is over but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours’ interference
being neighbours firmly nobody interference will can and the doing of elections interference strengthen 's ' , over but deal much to more with claim neighbours . that the Karzai Afghanistan
699
/ / Pakistan Link 16 10 2004
Link 16/10/2004 Pakistan
700
- . The debate that a handful of Texas multi millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd in every way
war 's manufactured cleverly record that in have absurd John being close of Kerry Bush the handful family over a debate way . the every multi-millionnaires to Texas
703
. Or they weren't eyewitnesses and are just lying
or being being not and they lying just . eyewitnesses
705
. . The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life
at being appreciated George point any true Bush situation when he of never the bravery all consider W. . at absurdity that entire the in showed easily life any we
707
, . If some of John Kerry's wounds were superficial Bush received no wounds
being wounds John no wounds received superficial of , Kerry some Bush if . 's
708
( , ; . And a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and didn't absent yourself from it
absent minor . the a the and not wound danger shrapnel in and ; caused that it and killed went demonstrates shrapnel in in of eye the ( brain a being it you have from hit body forearm yourself being only , into you a mortal piece having would doing
709
). That is the logic of the medal
. logic of medal that being ) the the
710
. Kerry saved a man's life while under fire
life man Kerry 's under while fire a saved .
717
, . The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush's character as an addictive personality but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president
the actions use erratic may issue personality 's president a as it only we character told something to , being possibly other a because and not history he . alarming as and of addictive Bush but speaks key drug alcoholism about
719
( , " !") Newsweek reported that Bush commanded his cabinet Let heads roll
lets " , ) he that commanded ( roll ! cabinet " heads reported Newsweek Bush
727
, " - , , , - , ." Even for those who later abstain visual spatial abilities abstraction problem solving and short term memory are the slowest to recover
to abstraction the term - short , - , visual problems being , " , spatial those for abilities even " . later , recover solving who abstain and slowest memory
733
- , " , , . This little noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald which appeared on National Public Radio's All Things Considered on March 30 2004 gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that period
in to 2004 's period Blount National on all suffer to considered nephew 30 , " Bush a been March this , - Murph with gives , what Archibald appeared devastating little Public through . that insight like Things interview it 's noted on have Radio which into
734
" ( : ) - , All Things Considered 8 00 PM ET NPR March 30 2004 Tuesday
( Things all 30 Tuesday , 2004 ) NPR considered March 8:00 ET - pm "
735
, . . This campaign season there have been questions about whether George W Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s
he youngest . W. lieutenant questions obligations early the been to there a as about the season this George fulfilled campaign Guard Bush 1970 whether have in National ,
736
, . . For weeks reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there
in search scoured Mr. at the reporters being or , Bush National serving weeks might there . of pilots for have who in the remembered he Guard seeing Alabama anyone time
737
. : " " . There is one place in Alabama where Mr Bush was present nearly every day the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton Red Blount
Mr. present where candidate every in nearly being . Alabama in there Red " Montgomery : day the Blount one place US being of headquarters " Bush Winton Senate
739
. . NPR's Wade Goodwyn has this report about Mr Bush's time on that campaign
NPR Mr. campaign . this about Bush reported 's Goodwyn on Wade having time that 's
742
, , . Groom was Republican Red Blount's scheduler and in that job she was the hub in the campaign wheel
, Red 's and Blount , the campaign the . Republican job scheduler that Groom being hub being in wheel in she
750
: . , , . GOODWYN The candidate Mr Bush was working for Red Blount had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business
, Red Alabama working gotten Mr. Bush business GOODWYN being in construction Blount the the : rich , having . in for candidate
752
. Blount's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon's postmaster general
support party postmaster Blount led being of to he Richard general 's 's Nixon the . appointed
754
- - , . . . That was how 26 year old Lieutenant Bush came to Montgomery at his father's urging
came . at , how - 26 old he . that 's urging - Montgomery Lieutenant father to Bush . been years
756
, . Back in 1972 in the Deep South many rural counties didn't have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus
have the Party Republican deep 1972 apparatus not doing in rural way south official many . in back , the much in of counties
758
. It was the young Texan's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them
the supplies and being supplies youngest those in of to county Texan leader what way out campaign it get job needed the they each . to 's find
759
. , . Groom says this job helped Mr Bush understand how even in a statewide Senate campaign politics are local
statewide in . , how Senate helped Groom being saying Bush understand politics this job local Mr. campaign even a
760
. . . , , - . Murph Archibald is Red Blount's nephew by marriage and in 1972 he was coming off a 15 month tour in Vietnam in the infantry
off in Vietnam Archibald the and Blount - marriage being 's . being coming . infantry a he in . Murph , month , nephew 15 in by . Red tour 1972
761
, . . Archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers Mr Bush was not one of them
saying a workers dedicated of . of Archibald not campaign Bush one full , Mr. that in they being
762
. ( ): , - . Mr MURPH ARCHIBALD Nephew of Red Blount Well I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid evenings
the Mr. ) in and in , early . Blount Red I ARCHIBALD nephew mid-evenings coming in : MURPH well leaving of morning ( were
763
, ; : : . Ordinarily George would come in around noon he would ordinarily leave around 5 30 or 6 00 in the evening
evening would or . , would in come ordinarily 6:00 he ordinarily in 5:30 around the noon leaving George around ;
764
: , , . . GOODWYN Archibald says that two months before the election in September of '72 Red Blount's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over Mr Bush's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties
being quietly GOODWYN he September over '72 came not 's take 's months materials the he that asked , that because . saying job counties Red getting manager , the Blount : Mr. in before two Archibald campaign election the and campaign of out to Bush to
766
. My overall impression was that he didn't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters
other stated campaign my been being who headquarters impression working at peoples interested that not seem the he as overall the the . doing as in
768
, . . After he found out from somebody else Archibald attempted to talk to Mr Bush about it
talked from found about Mr. attempted to it out . Archibald after to he , Bush else somebody
772
, . He wasn't unpleasant about it but he just changed the subject and wouldn't talk about it
. subject about not it would changed about being he and but talked the it unpleasant not he , just
773
: , , . . GOODWYN Far from Texas and Washington DC Mr Bush enjoyed his freedom
. and he , Washington Bush : from freedom DC Mr. Texas GOODWYN , enjoyed far
778
. : . Mr ARCHIBALD People have different ways of starting the days in any office
. office in ARCHIBALD : of any different days Mr. the having starting ways peoples
779
, , . They're going to talk about their kids they're going to talk about football they're going to talk about the weather
talked they to , talked , being being about kids the weather they being . football they about they to going talked about going going to
781
: . - . GOODWYN Archibald says the frequency with which Mr Bush discussed the subject was off putting to him
Bush being GOODWYN subject Mr. which he putting the with the Archibald - . saying frequency : to off discussed
782
. : , , ; . Mr ARCHIBALD I mean at that time I was 28 George would have been 25 or 26
Mr. 25 I mean ; would 28 : being George , time being have or 26 at I , ARCHIBALD . that
783
- , , . And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid 20s would initiate conversations particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign by talking about their drinking the night before
thought about unusual serious in of before the something really they night US in , drinking initiate particularly , being it I talking a . they and as that context mid-20 someone would by conversations the senatorial campaign as
785
: , . , , . GOODWYN According to Archibald Mr Bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator
US to and , : driving would senator discovered according of , erratic told for in sometimes he Mr. New the got days pulled after Yale a grandson Haven at he he the . he how over , Bush stories let about also being go officers being GOODWYN whenever Archibald Connecticut
786
, - -- , , -- . Archibald a middle class Alabama boy who by the way is now a registered Democrat didn't like that story
registered Alabama by now . being , , -- middle a way that who story - doing boy Democrat -- not likes a class the Archibald ,
787
. : , , . Mr ARCHIBALD He told us whenever he was stopped as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush they would let him go
go Mr. of Prescott soon stopped grandson let would , being found they out the . told enforcement Bush law he , that : ARCHIBALD he he as whenever being we the as he
789
. Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom didn't remember George telling drunk stories
dutifully Baba drunk remember not that stories Groom notes . George Goodwyn doing telling
790
, " ". But that means nothing since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the girls
girls like " means sort told guys nothing , Bush things not but the . they that since " being the of
799
, : Afraid I don't have time today to discuss these but some stories need attention
attention , I these some discuss doing afraid time stories to : todays needs have not but
801
( ): also see this thread on the RI discussion board
the ) discussion RI on board this : thread ( see also
802
, , . Some 200 000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists it was feared yesterday
the to terrorists feared it some security 200,000 have , sent smuggled US forces iraqi yesterday being to . being may guns
808
- . It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and army instead went to al Qaeda
to Qaeda separate 's meant probe for thousands - going claiming of guns it army instead . a follows Iraq police and al that
809
: " , . Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said It's unbelievable that no one can account for 200 000 assault rifles
that saying Amnesty one " for unbelievable no it . assault being : chief can rifles account Blakemore 200,000 Mike spokesman
810
." If these weapons have gone missing it's a terrifying prospect
. if weapons " terrifying missing went being prospect a have it these
813
" " " ". A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received any weapons from Bosnia and added they were not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia
added they not . Bosnia received Iraq " not from being purchases " having aware for from forces any coalition any confirmed weapons a and of " spokesman Bosnia " they
815
: " . A NATO spokesman said There's no tracking mechanism to ensure they don't fall into the wrong hands
being doing no into they ensure not fall . tracking wrong hands saying the to NATO there mechanism " : a spokesman
816
." There are concerns that some may have been siphoned off
there concerns have . off be that " may being siphoned some
817
- - . This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re routed to al Qaeda
UK this in newspaper in deal guns forces of for being a to involved which re-routed claimed being two thousands Qaeda - firms . a iraqi years al
818
, , . The Moldovan airline is Aerocom and yes it's one of Victor Bout's
Aerocom . Bout , being one the yes airline it 's moldovan , being and of Victor
819
- - - - - , , . It's always a bang your head against the wall moment reading again the play the incompetence theory receives even from some of the Administration's harshest mainstream critics
moment harshest the - of the . incompetence 's always , mainstream the wall being a some , - - it administration again you head critics receives the - reading against even - from theory play bang
821
" " , " "; . Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been lost in Iraq planeloads of arms don't just vanish not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of Bout's untouchable stature
not stature dollars " when to losed planeloads doing of tens criminal work contracts " like being " vanish the international ; in . not have arms a just , untouchable of the Bout " billions of Iraq of that 's the Pentagon
822
, . But Bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives before it sinks like so many others beneath the media's frothing triviality
's likely media like coverage it mentioned being frothing name but before triviality , sinks to . many story others being Bout the not in 's whatever this beneath so receives
823
, . Meanwhile a decision's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson
a meanwhile of the priest . Robinson Gerald Toledo , being decision trial reached being in
824
: And it's guilty
: and guilty being it
830
" ," . It was about how he could humiliate her the most prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments
been the how saying could in prosecutor about Mandros , most . closing " " Dean arguments humiliate she it he
831
" ... ." He left a message for everyone to see maybe to God himself
for to a ... everyone see messages . God he himself left to maybe " "
832
" , [ ], , , ! " After the sentencing one of Robinson's tearful supporters turned to Claudia Vercellotti a local leader of the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests SNAP who had helped reopen the case and told her 'I hope you rot in hell '
after having I who Vercellotti those , hope you one and the ! Robinson SNAP case Claudia by " turned 's helped Network reopen [ ' for leader Priests hell in tearful Survivors abused to told supporters , local the of rot the sentencing , ] , she a ' of "
833
: From SNAP's statement on the Robinson conviction
's SNAP conviction statement on from the : Robinson
837
, : The murder weapon Robinson's letter opener
weapon : 's , the Robinson letter murder opener
846
. That's still the domain of those who don't
of who does being those not the that domain . still
853
, " ," ...[ ] , , , . Now FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI's list of Ten Most Wanted Fugitives a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years because of the impact that the group's practices law enforcement officials say are having on the most vulnerable within the sect particularly children and women
that , list of the [ to the ] women Warren within , and of FLDS enforcement dramatic . being 's 's that , vulnerable having the of wanted leader groups move change enforcement sect on most years FBI , the , a officials particularly most being the Jeffs practices now polygamous 's because having recent law impact in " approach says children toward caps fugitives ten ... groups the added " law
854
. ( ) , $ ; , , ; - ( ); , . When the FLDS under Mr Jeffs and his father before him grew to some 10 000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of 110 million when it became clear that government officials school authorities and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect when ex members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men and when the sect began to use secluded compounds state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously
in reported marry with he charges ) school child 110 grew Mr. , and stated assets and having federal 10,000 ) to underage to police . before down sect to men ; became and communities $ authorities Jeffs ex-members ( sect ( in when involving girls clear of secluded authorities increasingly some when million mainly began and southwestern that FLDS father he officials intertwined several it , , started to ; become vigorously and government the the when older abuse compounds estimated with when those the crack sexual ; followers forced use more under communities
857
, " ." At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix FBI and state officials said Jeffs is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards
City . at conferences Jeffs and " Phoenix Salt being dangerous and , bodyguards in Lake press officials and weekend travelling with considered stated and saying FBI being " armed armed may
860
- - , . As with Christian Identity and other hate related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo Nazi Creativity Movement Jeffs has preached racism as well
preached to neo-nazi and and , hate the Aryan Nations Jeffs tied related with having the - as philosophies . Identity as well other Creativity Christian Movement racism
861
" ," " ." The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center's Intelligence Report
" able being devil the peoples being . , the by to having Southern the Law unto Center " the Jeffs always " " bring which the having as cited through reported intelligence 's said black Poverty evil race earth
862
- " , , - - ." An editorial in the church owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged that the state's history a conservative belief in free choice and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid glove approach lawmakers and law enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities
Lake years the stir Morning editorial history 's approach up " . stated with glove to a contributed a owned media acknowledged that nest Salt in likely the 's - in City a when the free , all unwillingness a communities kids Deseret in hornet to law have and and - choice taken belief in national earlier church lawmakers - " enforcement polygamous dealing the News this conservative , have officers
863
:// . . / / / - . ? = http www csmonitor com 2006 0509 p02s01 ussc html s t5
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5
864
, , , , ? Maybe I'm missing something here but how exactly does one 'Loose' 200 000 AK47's
200,000 ak47' being ' how , exactly ' missing loose , something maybe here I does , one ? but
865
" "?!?!? There's no tracking mechanism in place
?!?!? " in there " place no tracking mechanism being
868
. I'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time
goes this on thing all sure kind being . I of time the
870
, just go here its simply amazing
being it , just go here simply amazing
878
. Personally I don't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled
. a long I invovled giving as there to not adults no abuse does personally another one being doing damn what as
888
. One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from 'marriage' to her father's own brother
ran members he marriage from to teen . away unconcious when beating ' being one 's convicted daughters actually she father she ' brother of own
891
. It's a good thing too
a being it . thing better too
892
. We wouldn't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us
shoot . run shit not would we to those terrorists at of want out we to
894
? What's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash
keeping soldiers all few ? what being cash tax that defense comparison awash in all those in to contractors a dead
895
, ? They really are milking the incompetence angle though aren't they
being angle they though milking the , really they ? be not incompetence
897
, . Christ you'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots
tired would get would think populated these with you gullible she . a guys she bit , of nothing being treating America christ but idiots like
898
. I suppose that it's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots
that she it for with . gullible I being the GOP idiots suppose damn being lucky populated that
901
:// . . / / / _ _ _ _ _ _ . http www rawstory com news 2006 US outsourcing special operations intelligence gathering 0413 html
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
905
( : , , . ) ''We have three generations of martyrs grandmothers mothers daughters ''
. '' ( grandmothers generations : having , martyrs daughters mothers '' ) we three , of
910
, , . Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word since from the day they were born these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders
to . they leaders taught though probably '' the being for '' being boys being the girls right from decided but word born think themselves these not blindly to not day since and follow , they ,
911
, , , , , , - , . ''Every morning and night the kids beginning as young as 1 and 2 had to stand before a poster of Massoud and Maryam salute them and shout praises to them '' Nadereh Afshari a former Mujahedeen deep believer told me
and beginning as believer Nadereh deep young salute '' to shout , 2 and Maryam told as stand to '' Mujahedeen night I , and Massoud praises - a and every have before they , they , a poster . , morning 1 , former kids Afshari the , of
914
, , . The Rajavis Afshari went on to say ''saw these kids as the next generation's soldiers
Rajavis on as , 's kids to these saw '' next soldiers the going . the Afshari , generation say
918
, , . One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people don't know what they are don't care or know perfectly well
knew and whether peoples wonder , bright set what , they we up these fellows having doing in military being not well to with know one government doing who perfectly the deals the or not care .
920
. : :// . . / / / / _ _ . SPLOID com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction http www sploid com news 2006 05 evil priest gui php
topic of the SPLOID.com you on http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php : cited priest that conviction
924
; . That's all I know I've had nothing to do with it
. I have doing with that it I being have all nothing ; knew to
927
:// . . / / / - - / / http www laweekly com general features satan loves you 13454
http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/
928
" , -- -- . Another generation of heavy metal has taken over and sorry it ain't just about strippers and dope
sorry strippers having about taken and it not metal another generation over dope heavy -- , just -- and . of " being
929
, . Okay it's partly about strippers and dope
partly and dope strippers . being about , it okay
930
. And we'll get around to that
to will around . and get we that
932
-- ; . It's become a guardian of morality not church morality real morality
; being morality it of -- morality . morality become not guardian church a real
936
, , . The Moldovan airline is Aerocom and yes it's one of Victor Bout's
being Victor Bout Aerocom moldovan it the . and , 's one airline , of yes being
938
:// . . / / http en wikipedia org wiki Aerocom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom
944
, " ". What about Manson's tees bearing the message Kill your parents
, you the what about tees bearing 's messages parents " kill Manson " .
947
( , , ... , - ?????) not church morality no that is phoney love thy neighbor hell no kill thy neighbor now that is REAL MORALITY
thy ( neighbor kill thy phoney morality not , no being that ... hell being that , no church neighbor - real now ) , morality ????? love
951
. I think the jury's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the Columbine killers
the out to regard on Columbine in the jury who thought still . when being exactly I done the brainwashing killers
952
- - , , . Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church Morality' crowd which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation
invitation the a loving , perhaps ' a to lip not a they far love of to . services beyond over apply - church metal less than that but as percentage should larger very gives we violence lot of of hypocrisy couter-cultural to ' neighbor congregation death which thy the phenomenon response , does own at crowd as look the a morality
955
. That's it
. that it being
956
. I'm firing my editor
my I being firing editor .
957
, . Well it's not as simple and clear cut as all that
being simple it clear cut . that not all and as , as well
958
- - . We're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio political spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection
being here previously require we spiritual and entering and . perhaps some further that examination introspection - may serious territory unexplored interesting socio-political into
965
. I wouldn't wonder too hard
too not . wonder would hard I
969
, " ". They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions while they do as they wilt
and they actions befuddled to they trust " . as will " being they does you they by while I ,
970
:// . / ? = _ http youtube com watch v d46 ctqDmI4
http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqdmi4
974
:// . . . / / / / _ / . http news bbc co uk 2 hi programmes this world 4446342 stm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm
975
- - . One man's relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most shocking crimes in post war Italy a tale of satanism and violence that has gripped the country for more than a year
's to in post-war . shocking search the a satanism relentless for the that gripped Italy - crimes one more one tale he of uncover he son man than most years violence of for having a missing country and led
980
, , , . Michele Tollis Fabio's father began to attend metal concerts and festivals across Europe handing out leaflets and quizzing Fabio's friends
and father handing began . concerts friends , , festivals , Michele Europe and leaflets across attend metal Tollis to Fabio Fabio out quizzing 's 's
985
, . During this search Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son's disappearance
that became during with 's to . he have something satanism search , this son convinced disappearance Michele doing Tollis
987
," . They're inseparable he says
. he they being inseparable saying , "
988
, : " ". Yeah I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months To hell with death
: I " the months one here hell to , he of on past with posts . thought Jeff several write death in " yeah
989
, : " ". I wholly agree and would expand that statement to include To hell with death metal
hell " . statement metal to : would expand I include wholly that death with agree " and , to
992
, . And for 'Smartwolf' above think about the inversion principle being employed
above ' . employed thinking , for principle ' being about and Smartwolf the inversion
995
( , ) , , . I know ignorant question Then why call them or any other phonies 'Christians' even if they themselves claim the appellation
Christians claim then they appellation . or ' why , call phonies question I if other ( they , ' ) , themselves any knew even the ignorant
1000
, , , . They want to be identified as 'Christians' and I fully suspect that for some of them the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage and has a lot more to do with the black magician's practice of the inversion principle
the motivation Christians with of suspect black identified to principle a as ' and they want having lot some the more they , they doing ' for magician subterfuge I behind being more practice inversion fully than 's the that , of mere advantage and to . being political ,
1001
. We need to be more 'rigorous' about how we perceive these people
peoples more rigorous we . ' perceive ' these to about being how needs we
1004
( ) . Almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century except for Italian Futurism were labeled 'degenerate' by the National Socialists
futurism labeled all early being italian almost ) guard by the ' avant National except . the of movements 20th of Socialists ' the ( for degenerate art century
1005
, . Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of 'degenerate art' in 1937 while curating a parallel show of 'Aryan' art across the street
of 1937 . in street Adolf parallel a aryan show a degenerate held even ' art ' curating art ' the while Hitler across ' of , exhibition
1007
( ) : Here's a quick overview of the Entartete Kunst Degenerate Art exhibit of 1937
Entartete overview being exhibit quick : Kunst of here a the of Art ( 1937 ) Degenerate
1008
:// . . / / _ http en wikipedia org wiki Degenerate art
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degenerate_art
1009
( ), . . Ironically or perhaps not the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration
the being intellectual . ) degenerate and ' appropriated Nazis art ' not to ( ' the ' ' he degenerate , Max and Nordau notion of and 1892 or . its book ' origins back perhaps ironically can a traced being called the Degeneration jewish authored by
1012
, " ." They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions while they do as they wilt
befuddled they , they " I will . being trust as by to " and they you actions they while does
1014
? Are the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect 'energy '
crowleyan ilk the appropriating from ' ? of and appropriating Thelema redirect energy ' others the being similar ' of appropriators ' to adherent or
1016
, . Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the 'imaginary' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon which is this global system
system of ' , . of Whore as imaginary the actually the if ' there global being seems a between clear being Babylon distinction Babalon and Whore being which make this
1021
, , ? so enemy what's your point
? , you so enemy ' , what point
1022
? Why don't you state it
you not ? it doing state why
1024
: Here's another interesting example
another here example interesting : being
1026
( , .) Don't wish to use Wikipedia again it's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information
looking to use obscure doing ) information it Wikipedia more not again than wish time being . spending , up just ( detailed and easier
1027
:// . . / / _ http en wikipedia org wiki John Balance
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_balance
1028
:// . . . / / / , , , . http www guardian co uk obituaries story 0 3604 1371372 00 html
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html
1029
. Balance died in 2004 after a 'fall '
. in fall after a ' Balance ' died 2004
1030
, , , , . He blended belief systems such as Shamanism Christianity Buddhism Paganism Hermeticism and Gnosticism and imbued Coil's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners
. and Hermeticism output vast have magickal and Buddhism Christianity on Coil Gnosticism to , such he 's Shamanism transcendent blended a , as functionally current imbued Paganism , , with designed systems effect belief listeners a
1031
, - : Not 200 000 guns the numbers dont work
guns numbers - not : doing working 200,000 the not
1032
, , , . 5kg per gun 200 000 guns means 1000 tonnes impossible for 4 containers
4 impossible tonnes , 1000 gun , guns 200,000 containers . means 5 for kgs per
1033
, . If the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20 000
being were 20,000 probably there . tonnes if load less the 99 than
1034
@ : E tG
: E@tG
1037
. Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going on
where from the on 's Susan Polk . town reporting being going trial
1038
. I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer's market and music event
attend bay and I night event market music . to farmer the 's a across lasted going
1041
/ . Just give your email and or phone number to these guys and they'll track down your family
/ they phone . numbers give will you guys email or and and family to you these just track down
1047
:// . . . / . ? = http www thetruthseeker co uk article asp id 4503
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503
1048
. I don't know if this has been verified
doing verified being not . having know if this I
1050
, . I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W's head if he were to actually read the letter but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter
hard reading he head W the in letter the I but . imagine thought it actually like actually being were read to processes , this 's to he if on letter to going picture
1053
, - "-" " , . Of the metal music farce Ministry has definately made in road into 'Loose Change Alex Jones territory with their new record Rio Grande Blood
Blood " of make - , road , Grande into in with new " definately Loose . Change " Jones they farce having music - metal territory the Alex Rio Ministry ' record
1054
: Important Kos Diary about bush's response to the gathering storm of scandals
response Diary important of gathering 's bush : to storm about scandals the Kos
1055
:// . . / / / / / / http www dailykos com story 2006 5 12 232746 857
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857
1062
, : : Fri May 12 2006 at 08 27 46 PM PDT
pm Fri 08:27:46 12 , PDT 2006 at May
1063
. , : In scanning the whitehouse gov site today I noticed the following Executive Order
: order executive the I noticed site todays , following whitehouse.gov the in scanning
1065
. I can't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI
there serious be no . not I RI metal frequent fans believe who can
1066
, . :) I'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup that's for damn sure
being this . jumping into for wary without backup :) of I being , fray damn that sure
1067
... . I'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger won't let me in today but sign me TroubleFunk
but sign ... in being I reason blogger I poster regular . but I let a for todays some TroubleFunk will not
1069
, ( ) , . Simply the questions permeate the entire 'Western Mystery Tradition' and perhaps 'Eastern' as well as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality
and ' the ) ' confluence eastern as ' questions and politics the relate well of , to entire perhaps ( , western . the ' as permeate tradition they simply spirituality mystery
1074
. The 'high weirdness' and more hardcore political 'factions' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis
. must synthesis factions ' ' ' political integrate more and arrive the a weirdness hardcore at ' perhaps high and
1077
. Baudelaire was perhaps one of the first 'death metal' artists
being perhaps death Baudelaire ' one . ' the first of metal artists
1078
, : Tronicus if you're still checking this thread
if : thread you checking being still Tronicus , this
1079
- , - . A bit of a knee jerk reaction from me there and I apologize for my over generalizations
a there knee I bit - . jerk apologize from for over-generalizations reaction I a and , of my
1082
, . I just get hung up on 'Christians' as they're the dominant form where I come from
hung get being where Christians up come ' ' I , they . I as on dominant the form just from
1083
, ( , , ) . Also I'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now and in general most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses
most masses I of the religion in motivations the tool to a the also . hide power , cloak now top fact to at pyrimidal and and as they true use a , dominant a power being anyone in control that those clear the ) structure tend on ( to , as quite general
1084
, . It boggles the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush's claims to be a christian yet many seem to do just that
many . mind it anyone that face a boggles that take being christian Bush to yet valuing can at 's just to the doing seem , claims
1085
." I seem to remember something about 'by their works shall ye know them
something ' shall seem works knew " . ye they to they by I about remember
1086
- - . I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old 'Rock N Roll made them do it' argument
roll ' hackles rock bit doing ' doing when my - the I old n it - haul a get out peoples they make up . argument
1087
( ), . Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior which I think is patently rediculous it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on
to rediculous of not or that doing listen pin things I blame I a peoples which on no I patently we . to having subscribe being we does behavior specific thought out peoples effect when single the , bother on to watch it notion whie groups the ) ( the
1088
- ( ) . Sub cultures as the lable implies do not develope in a vacuum
vacuum as doing not ) a lable the sub-cultures ( in develope implies .
1090
- . These people are dangerous wether they're head banging to 'Canibal Corpse' or humming along to 'Onward Christian Soldiers'
dangerous they ' - Soldiers ' to Canibal Corpse . head Christian onward ' humming peoples banging along to wether being these being or '
1091
( ....) The mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic
) the of religion topic mixing ( .... and whole militarism being a other
1092
- , , , ( ) . I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non violence forgiveness and charity but it's important to remember that Christians or 'Smartwolves' do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle
not for charity but , non-violence Christians have lifestyle ( I , to respect Smartwolves , that and who that ' adhear or having important peoples but remember . ) forgiveness on monopoly it particular doing nothing being to ' a
1094
, , . The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns and then 200 000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus
a buy the being sus being wanting way 200,000 then to to guns to fact buy , and and media the government hissy of going US Iraq they fit guns that Venezuela . the having over Chavez missing definitely on wanting
1095
. I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two
notch and storage to in ramp of one Venezuela located found local there the the a by . those will to having spin guess two 's US or enroute stooges a being up they or pretext guns I then
1096
- . Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e mail
friend e-mail passing for this along to my Keck again thanks via . Nick
1097
- . It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi nation corporation
it by a of corporation text arab gentleman a larger given the being the multi-nation . board a before of speech advisory
1098
. It's a long but very worthwhile read
being worthwhile read it long very but . a
1100
- , , : Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi national corporation April 2004
Harari , Haim meeting a International 2004 Board : larger corporation of delivered , by talk at April a multi-national Advisory the of
1108
, , , - - . I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco which is predominantly Arab predominantly Moslem but includes many non Arab and also significant non Moslem minorities
non-moslems , entire significant which , includes and the many also to but , predominantly moslems minorities non-arab Morocco and being Pakistan area arab predominantly . I refer between
1127
. ., . According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U N the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates
to than . and numbers a published of the by reported U.N. translated much according committee the the a of being Greece auspices smaller books entire alone the what arab under of , world translated arab intellectuals little prepared by
1139
, " ": These are the four main pillars of the current World Conflict or perhaps we should already refer to it as the undeclared World War III
III the conflict as perhaps the of world : " undeclared to War World it these or main " we four pillars current should , refer the already being
1140
* . .* 1 The first element is the suicide murder
1 suicide * murder . element the . * the first being
1158
. . , . The U S and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder not the next one
murder against being the improving constantly U.S. and , they next the defense lasted not Europe the . one
1174
, , ? Wouldn't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves or to talk their sons into doing it if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor
to the , themselves would not some being religious leaders talked to if you or doing doing of this fervor it of expect into ? it they sons a truly , act supreme religious
1175
? Aren't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven
they going benefits the Heaven in to not being interested ? of
1183
, . There was certainly more despair in Saddam's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer's Iraq and no one exploded himself
one despair been than . in 's 's there himself Iraq certainly and exploded Saddam , in Paul Bremmer more no Iraq
1187
. You cannot eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug dealer on the street corner
drug little the can the not organized street on corner by arresting . eliminate crime you dealer
1188
" ". You must go after the head of the Family
you . the of the " head after go " must family
1199
* . , .* 2 The second ingredient is words more precisely lies
more * second 2 lies . being * , ingredient . precisely the words
1205
, . - . You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information Mr Mouhamad Said al Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad
Mouhamad already of forces Minister Information when you remember iraqi the , - inside Baghdad press US and Mr. Said all being conferences he al Sahaf the .
1208
. , . Mr Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time
allegedly stopped a Mr. not he doing icon a Sahaf time . respectable but giving this equal , became from court some eventually popular jester newspapers as
1210
, - , . After all if you want to be an anti Semite there are subtle ways of doing it
there subtle , after to . it doing a being if be you of anti-semite ways want all ,
1221
, - , " ". A demonstration in Berlin carrying banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three year old babies dressed as suicide murderers is defined by the press and by political leaders as a peace demonstration
by three old a suicide and demonstration Berlin defined the as being leaders press regime supporting and peace as 's dressed Saddam murderers featuring by , political carrying in , years demonstration banners " babies " a - .
1223
- , , . A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid day eats observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill
the walks woman old , pays lunch a eats mid-day bills , they children restaurants and adjacent tables . israeli a in and observes families in the eating into with peoples
1226
: " ", , " " " ". There is a new game in town The actual murderer is called the military wing the one who pays him equips him and sends him is now called the political wing and the head of the operation is called the spiritual leader
: being new . the the called equips who one being pays " " the the a games " murderer " now there town the he head and he being leader he " being " wing and of in spiritual the called actual military wing , the called , political operation sends
1232
* . .* 3 The third aspect is money
3 . * the aspect being * money . third
1253
. , , , - , , , . Mrs Arafat who lives in Paris with her daughter receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority while a typical local ringleader of the Al Aksa brigade reporting to Arafat receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars for performing murders at the retail level
thousands , retail murders receives the allegedly level of , for performing payment , . , Aksa dollars dollars ringleader reporting Palestinian a only , Mrs. local typical while tens of - bankrupt hundred cash Al brigade daughters , she the a at in Arafat Authority the lives of of from receives Arafat per month couple with Paris to of a who
1254
* . .* 4 The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws
* the the being of world all . current * of element conflict 4 total breaking fourth the . laws
1258
- . Every student of political science debates how you prevent an anti democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy
winning . from democracy election political student democratic anti-democratic force prevent a a how every and you science of abolishing debates
1273
- , ? Do you shoot an arch murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another always surrounded by children
moves surrounded ? from doing shoot to by who children a , another always you arch-murderer deliberately one location
1277
. But it cannot be avoided
it . but can avoided not being
1283
, . International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones stands behind them and shoots with immunity and cannot be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government
does throw stones arrested being being shoots sheltered to a someone he international with because stands immunity how law behind , handle . can to they and know by not sends and who government not children
1285
, " ," . The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law and define all those who attack them as war criminals with some Western media repeating the allegations
law that all " , repeating criminals " amazing western as international being media those who , demand war protection under some crooks define with . allegations the thing they attack all these the of and
1295
. The outer circle cannot be eliminated by force
the being force outer not eliminated by can . circles
1296
, , , - , , . Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite more power to women more education counter propaganda boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media internet and the international scene
we to counter-propaganda financial and , feasible internet , of education the to needs women here elite access , more , power international whenever western starvation boycott scene . and , more organizing media the
1304
- - , - . I do not want to comment here on whether the American led attack on Iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre war argument but I can look at the post war map of Western Asia
destruction post-war the to or justified western look , on doing on attack americans other Iraq not - of from here want comment Asia the map but the of I whether point being weapons led . pre-war argument view mass any I at of can of
1320
, , , , ; - , , , , . Iran sponsors Syrian terrorism it is certainly behind much of the action in Iraq it is fully funding the Hezbollah and through it the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad it performed acts of terror at least in Europe and in South America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a multi national terror consortium which includes as minor players Syria Lebanon and certain Shiite elements in Iraq
, it it , it it which . minor players ; , the Hezbollah much , and Hamas Syria , in elements truly and probably , leads a Iran includes palestinian of in in fully , at certain and , terror Iraq Saudi being and America the it also and acts consortium Europe funding least and of Lebanon Uzbekistan terrorism Iraq in Islamic syrian performed the certainly as multi-national and Jihad shiites terror Arabia in behind sponsors being through action South
1343
, , , ." Its understandable recoil from wars following the horrors of World War II may cost thousands of additional innocent lives before the tide will turn
War thousands may the innocent understandable recoil the from turn its World , , horrors of tide cost before . of , " additional II wars will lives following
1345
. Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders
Mohammed egyptian and band on Vanguards taking mecca the attacks by small violent seeking . of leaders Conquest Zawahiri being 's recreate to a of through
1351
, (" ") . In early June 2003 a Central Intelligence Agency CIA report publicly disclosed that the reason for Mohammed Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax
contemplated in the and . ) June the as cropdusters Intelligence for that reported 2003 use " Zacarias biological 's 's Mohammed reason Agency anthrax CIA dispersing , disclosed publicly such a Central into being ( Moussaoui for inquiries early agents in " Atta
1352
" " , (" "). An early September 2003 Newsweek article included a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an unbelievable biological attack the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed KSM
planning that upon a the which early KSM a attack in ) September 2003 Newsweek " a Taliban included biological a of a rumor suffered Khalid a being at article planning ( " for meeting April Laden Bin 2003 Shaikh . , setback arrest Mohammed by " source unbelievable " the having
1355
, , / " . In a statement issued June 16 2004 the 9 11 Commission Staff concluded that Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11
staffs produce and 16 September 2004 to 9/11 program anthrax prior " in Al to being ability making that ambitious a biological the , . 11 concluded advances a issued in June have Qaeda statement , its weapons Commission
1356
, ." According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet al Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face
being conduct immediate anthrax 's Central threats Intelligence Director a " , to being Tenet the United the ability al likely attack of according States to Qaeda one to George of . face most
1357
, , , - , , " ," . On August 9 2004 it was announced that in the Spring of 2001 a man named El Shukrijumah also known as Jafar the Pilot who was part of a second wave had been casing New York City helicopters
on helicopters a also being casing announced , known man named York . being part second 9 August , - , that it , spring El 2004 , Pilot being , 2001 as City Shukrijumah " in wave of " a of having the Jafar the New who
1362
( ) , . It's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the FBI's former theory about a lone American scientist
FBI no 's impolite scientist . theory being americans just openly about ( a contest the bureaucratically it to , lone longer former )
1367
, # , . Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM Al Qaeda's 3 included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise
files 's necessary Qaeda production the , a upon and and KSM included expertise anthrax addressed a laptop notes using on of capture spray a seized , recruitment plan Al of dryer # 3 the feasible handwritten .
1368
, , - , , . What your morning paper did not tell you however was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri's right hand Ahmed Salama Mabruk 5 years earlier
morning the you , however that 's disc , Salama , similar a been doing Zawahiri CIA from right seized what 5 earlier Mabruk you Ayman Ahmed told . years , paper not hand -
1370
, , . Mabruk at the time was the head of Jihad's military operations
the at operations the . head , 's Mabruk military being of Jihad , time
1372
/ , . Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9 11 plot Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House
White the plane 5th stages still to Moussaoui even being think final the the some , House Zacarias Capitol may or . of fly a 9/11 plot going in into that
1374
- , , , . There is an e mail by Moussaoui however dated July 31 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months
that to July crop by dusting 31 to to course , however months , Moussaoui indicating up take a sought e-mail he a being that been , last dated 6 . there 2001
1375
, / " ." In March 2003 Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9 11 but was to be part of a second wave
" a part to that 9/11 part . in , been being wave 2003 going being but reportedly " to of March Moussaoui not saying Mohammed second of being
1376
$ , , . Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him 14 000 in July accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks
Moussaoui attacks after he $ in conspirator although have he 14,000 provided Zacarias trial mission July judge Qaeda a that accused that he told al , 11 would Ramzi September have the Binalshibh terrorist . come
1377
- , . KSM explained that Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative Malaysian Yazid Sufaat
Qaeda explained biochemist being operative Sufaat related . have may and Moussaoui by about , anthrax inquiries 's to being malaysian Yazid KSM work doing Al trained crop that the US dusters -
1378
, , " ." Zacarias Moussaoui never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants anthrax for Jew sympathizer only
that in sharpest told " the and , by unreliable shed the filing never . the Jew judge only Moussaoui a trial wanted to superiors having he for thought in he Zacarias sympathizer tool , being " he anthrax at
1379
, , , . Al Qaeda's regional operative Hambali who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat has been captured
Hambali operative key at supervised captured a , and . being meeting 's Sufaat , January who being 2000 , having Al regional Qaeda
1381
- ( - ), , . KSM and Hambali sent al Hindi al Britani along with Jafar the Pilot to case NYC targets for a second wave
for ) al case Britani Jafar a Hambali al , to Pilot ( NYC sent with Hindi along the targets - wave and - , second . KSM
1389
" ," . What we know is that he's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said
being " . " he chief it the terrorism what have they as always Scheuer weapons former unit religious said obligation , knew having having CIA OBL Michael counter enemies being a said to that we same
1390
" , , , . The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a June 1999 memo that said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists which will greatly benefit us in the first stage God willing ' ''
the , computer the Street a in greatly educational should Wall God used . a June ' Journal the institutions easy cover allow to , ' saying benefit it program to and reported by , that and which we talent that 1999 memo we access which seek will specialists beneficial saying more first willing being '' in contains " stage Zawahiri
1392
. Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders
to seeking the mecca Conquest on egyptian Vanguards of Mohammed leaders by violent Zawahiri through band 's and taking . of recreate a small attacks being
1396
, , , " ." A few days before Christmas 2003 after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks to include in the US homeland the threat level was raised to orange or high
threat , , Zawahiri high by after include renewed or audiotape of Christmas US a orange to in . before the 2003 a threat raised " , few level the being to days homeland " attacks
1399
/ . Zawahiri said that the US should expect another 9 11 on US soil
expect on that Zawahiri soil US . should the another 9/11 saying US
1403
, ( ) " "? In October 2001 did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop from 1995 that was signed Khalid Sheik Bojinka
October 2001 Khalid 1995 from ( doing , have FBI Khalid ? of on " draft ) that Bojinka being profilers the in Sheik the Mohammed know signed messages the " laptop seized
1405
( , ). Khalid Mohammed's involvement dates back to Bojinka as does Hambali's
back 's as Mohammed Khalid does Hambali , Bojinka 's to dates ) ( involvement .
1407
, , ( ), , / . In May 2004 Patrick Hughes Lieutenant General Retired Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis Homeland Security Department testified before the 9 11 Commission
, the Patrick 2004 , ) before Department , . Homeland ( May for Lieutenant Hughes Commission Analysis 9/11 retired Information , in General Security testified Secretary Assistant
1410
, , , (" " " "). Al Qaeda has had anthrax the raw seed product in its unweaponized form since at least 1997 when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front Moro Front or MILF
Liberation raw , 1997 MILF Front or , through " it when unweaponized " . anthrax purchased Moro Bin at by product ( Islamic least form being having seed ) Moro , in have " its Laden since the Al Qaeda Front the "
1411
, # , . Zawahiri Al Qaeda's 2 is head of Al Qaeda's biochemical program
Zawahiri 2 being 's Al Qaeda of biochemical # program 's head Al Qaeda , , .
1412
. The CIA has known of Zawahiri's plans to use anthrax for a half decade
anthrax to half decade a Zawahiri of the . 's use planning known for CIA having
1413
- . . The confidante and right hand man of Dr Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets
right Zawahiri Dr. of succeeded - and the it confidante in and use hand Ayman obtaining admitted targets intended against Zawahiri to US . man that anthrax
1415
. Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced
1999 being saying the to to pressure Qaeda faced even senior in resort the . they extradition likely Bin and 's that leaders chemical Al agents given Laden Zawahiri biological attorney Zawahiri and possessed
1421
, , , . In Fall 2004 MSNBC relying on an unnamed FBI spokesperson reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but cannot rule out that it was made overseas
of have having match have overseas a relying 16 rule labs reports that on FBI that not make being pool , 2004 out narrowed to . unnamed FBI but the in fall 4 spokesperson to , MSNBC , being Ames known from a that the it can
1422
. Al Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons
Mohammed anthrax doing Al . in computer knowledge on weapons efficient the not 's advanced planning Khalid most techniques production biological Qaeda of 's evidence
1426
( .) Spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable
inhalable bigger ( 5 than to must being . microns spores ) being no
1430
" " . . The reported finding at Dugway undermines the argument of both the bomb Iraq crowd and the liberals focused on Dr Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes
crowd Dugway the purposes on finding the both the biodefense " bomb Dr. view at as research it they useful Steve offensive argument focused undermines for the object being US . Iraq because of " and liberals Hatfill reported who to
1431
, , . USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us in sensational detail of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster
Johnelle told of in a 's detail . we retrofitting USDA sensational cropduster employee first , about purchasing , inquiries Atta Bryant and
1432
. Khalid Mohammed then told interrogators that Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to Yazid Sufaat's anthrax manufacturing plans
Zacarias Sufaat anthrax 's that Mohammed about dusting then crop may Khalid . interrogators Moussaoui to manufacturing have related inquiries 's told Yazid planning
1433
( ) , . Although the details of the documents on Mohammed's computer may or may not point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings
on ) details they consistent . of in computer the 's difficulties with aerial or the the being point Mohammed product , dispersal possible used to documents ( may may fully not mailings although in anthrax the
1435
- / . US trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9 11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000
2000 two with - US malaysian Sufaat met biochemist trained 9/11 . in plotters hijackers and Yazid January
1436
(" "). Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah JI
) Al a Islamiah Sufaat of . Qaeda of being " members ( and JI members " a Jemaah
1439
( " " ). Green symbolizes Islam and Prophet Mohammed's holy war
Islam ) and . symbolizes war green 's Mohammed Prophet " " holy (
1440
, , . Zacarias Moussaoui who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested stayed at Sufaat's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia
flight being he Zacarias a for Moussaoui to arrange lessons in who 2000 when manual he dusting trying have in , stayed , Malaysia . arrested 's Sufaat condominium at being crop when
1441
$ , . Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him 35 000
Infocus representative for he Sufaat letter a provided Yazid marketing Technologies and provided that 35,000 being indicating . with allegedly $ he a Moussaoui
1442
" ." The crop dusters were to be part of a second wave
of to . second " being were " crop wave the a part dusters
1443
/ , . After 9 11 Yazid Sufaat traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to work for the Taliban Medical Brigade and to continue his work with anthrax
Pakistan work and to the Afghanistan Medical 9/11 for to working and to Yazid with Sufaat travelled after Brigade he anthrax continue , Taliban .
1450
, , " - ." As of March 28 2003 he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted pre arrest bail
being being bail granted 2003 , pre-arrest a cardiac for hospital in of March and problems he " . 28 as having " , a
1459
, . While it's not easy to separate fact from fiction Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought
separate , General fact easy Attorney publicly have being being Mueller not and sought fiction being it still while from Ashcroft . to Director Aafia confirmed
1463
, ( ). According to the Pakistan reports Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport after she was followed to a relative's house
. , being followed to she to International the at 's ) detained after ( after a Siddiqui according spotted airport Pakistan relative reports being house Karachi being Aafia
1464
( ). Karachi is in the south
) Karachi ( . the south in being
1465
" ." The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda's Chemical Wire Group
Al Group having 's being she Chemical a says members the of " being suspected of . Qaeda Wire reports "
1466
. The family's lawyer advises me that Aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called Ismat from the train station
advises Aafia for from . the 's for that kids tickets I Ismat train lawyer airfare doing and herself have to the enough paying the and family not station money called
1468
. Aafia never reached the uncle's house
reached never Aafia uncle house the . 's
1470
( ). The family's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals and that would not appear to be her training
knowledge being no family would chemicals to not ( have advises training that that . and attorney Aafia I the 's ) she appear of
1472
" ." His nickname is Jafar the Pilot
. the Pilot " nickname he being Jafar "
1478
, . In early June 2003 a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax
biological the in Atta inquiries for agents cropdusters concluded that June . being Moussaoui reported contemplated use dispersing into the reason in for as in and 2003 CIA , Zacarias early 's a such 's anthrax fact
1479
( ). It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam
Ahmed bomber Laden since to Osama testimony long of the having Ressam cropdusters agents being being millennium in it interested known using . Bin ) disperse biological (
1482
. The lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program at Kandahar
lesion further Qaeda . program Kandahar 's production evidence at the being anthrax of Al
1483
. The present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq
obtained to Atta Al Qaeda from warrant a travel to the not strain Ames 's conclusion present alleged . evidence that does Prague the relating Iraq
1486
( " ", ). His conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the US by the Chalabi associate Curveball which Alibek divined to be identical to Russian mobile lab design
foisted " . ( on the ) russian upon Curveball US design to being to Chalabi fake which lab the identical planning Alibek mobile divined conclusion the by being biolab associate " based have may mobile , he
1487
. Zawahiri did travel to Baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of Saddam's son
attend in son to Zawahiri travels to the 1998 party doing . 's Saddam of Baghdad entourage a with birthday
1488
, , . The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat Iraq's secret police show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan
police Iraq entourage sending , that the Sudan iraqi found Mukhabarat from secret Qaeda being to groups the showed at March 's the . , of from papers headquarters Al 1998 a capital in
1492
-- " ." The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted tending to simplistically view them as liberals
would and motive confused the Leahy liberals simplistically to have " coverage " Senators media being issue seriously targeted they Daschle as -- the on being reason and having tending view of . the
1495
, , , , . Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI's involvement in countries like Egypt Saudi Arabia Pakistan Indonesia and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries
involvement with 's Philippines those countries Indonesia interferes in , Qaeda , of , the Pakistan countries Arabia Saudi , and that FBI Al the sovereignty like Egypt members sympathizers . and feel the
1499
, , . . This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt remains foremost in the mind of Dr Zawahiri
support Israel Mubarak US of Zawahiri and foremost along Egypt Qaeda leaders of the this . with the remains Al and extradition in , , for mind in imprisonment Dr. government
1500
, " " ( ). At the height of the development of his biological weapons program his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the Albanian returnees case now he faces retrial
, biological he he faces case " ( development in returnees program pursuant the death . ) he albanian of the brother weapons extradited height at the retrial sentence now being of " a to
1501
, , . It's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations debt forgiveness and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan
. Pakistan up stories now to loan and , dollar Israel debt to billion with being appropriations the countries about like keeping it and , Egypt forgiveness and even hard guarantees
1508
- . The FBI's profile includes a US based supporter of the militant islamists
profile US . the - based supporter FBI of 's includes militant a the islamists
1513
( -- ). The letters were to different AMI publications one to the National Enquirer and another to The Sun
the being letters to and publications Enquirer the ) . Sun to AMI ( one to different another -- National the
1514
( .) News assistant Bobby Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The Sun
Bobby assistant have Sun to containing letter the the news . ) recalls Bender the addressed items ( to being
1516
, . .. The islamists sent letter bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington D C
New letter and newspaper offices York to islamists , City . January in sent bombs Washington in 1997 D.C. the
1518
- - (" "), . The former leader of the Egyptian Al Gamaa al Islamiya Islamic Group he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda
a of " leader the spiritual ( also Islamic the ) Group , - " al Al Gamaa Al of being . Qaeda - leader former Islamiya egyptian he
1521
( $ -- , $ .). There initially was an outstanding 2 million reward under the rewards for justice program the reward now is up to 5 million
rewards ) reward justice 5 for . the $ ( now reward $ being there outstanding initially the program up . a been to million -- 2 under , million
1526
, , " ." Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned addressed to Parole Officer
being , 1993 sending being , where Leavenworth officer also . key imprisoned defendant WTC a to two addressed " to parole " bombs
1527
( ). The position does not exist
not . exist ( ) position the does
1528
, - . Abdel Rahman's son was captured in Quetta Pakistan in mid February 2003
mid-february Quetta , in son in . 's Pakistan 2003 Rahman being Abdel captured
1529
, # . That arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed Al Qaeda's 3
# to Mohammed 3 , capture Khalid dramatic 's Qaeda that turn arrest in . the led Al of
1530
. . Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr Abdul Qadoos Khan
of hiding allegedly in the bacteriologist home Abdul Khan Mohammed the pakistani being . Dr. Qadoos
1533
, , . Although while in jail in the early 1980s Zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik's ability to lead a coalition of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Egyptian Islamic Group Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman's friends
Jihad being 's considerable Group challenging while early OBL caused lead the tension the 1980 although and the a blind to coalition by egyptian of the Zawahiri friends 's in Rahman ability Islamic Zawahiri egyptian sheik in . Islamic , and jail ,
1534
. The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef was KSM's nephew
Yousef 1993 imprisoned being the 's nephew WTC KSM . plotter
1535
, . Thus the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center
production of in Trade close Center in connection those earlier anthrax Qaeda , 's bombing the the thus World imprisoned have a of Al the leaders program charge connection . to with
1536
" ," / , . According to the controversial Feith memo which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi Al Qaeda connection Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sent
Feith showing the half sending a bombs " for intelligence assistance a being Al purported the memo / summarized Laden asked in intelligence years Bin , to letter " . Osama letters sending having Qaeda controversial technical Hayat according iraqi which iraqi connection before Al ,
1538
, " ." As Brian Jenkins once said terrorism is theater
as theater " saying Brian terrorism " Jenkins . , being once
1540
" " . There's even a chapter titled Poisonous Letter in the Al Qaeda manual
Al being the manual Qaeda even Poisonous Letter a there chapter titled " in . "
1542
" ." It was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise in the hearts of green birds
of hearts being islamists paradise martyrs that " in the widely the militant " it green published . birds to going among
1543
/ , , , / , " ." In the very interview in which they admitted 9 11 and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes the masterminds admitted to the Jenny code the code for representing the date 9 11 and used the symbolism of the Green Birds
of they " admitted which for for targets code date described representing green 9/11 9/11 the the the for to , , the very interview Jenny four in the the birds and admitted the planes the in code the . codes used symbolism the , masterminds and used , "
1544
" ." Osama Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism in his video The 19 Martyrs
he Bin video Laden 19 later invoked the in Osama the symbolism " Martyrs " .
1546
" " . The mailer's use of Greendale School as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing
senators return revealing also use mailer the to School the 's of " " letters as being the address . for the Greendale
1548
. Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed's color
green being 's the . and Prophet symbolizes Mohammed colors Islam
1550
" " " ." Dale means river valley
. " " " dale valley river " means
1551
-- . ., . Greendale likely refers to green river valley i e Cairo's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group
to valley Group -- refers Greendale Cairo , i.e. Jihad green Islamic river Islamic egyptian or likely 's . the
1557
, . Zawahiri's mission in the United States in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism not fundraising for charitable causes
doing States spadework to not for the causes terrorism fundraising 's in 1995 being Zawahiri charitable . , in United mission for
1565
, " " , . , . Third with the new age Efrem Zimbalist Jr in charge of the investigation it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security
new being appropriate charge security the " due it in , doing of age with we likely in better , and balance the investigation the could third Efrem , . process " Zimbalist between national Jr. not striking
1567
" " . . The Hatfill theory accusing Dr Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious
theory always being dubious " the accusing Dr. Stephen . " Hatfill highly Hatfill
1569
( ) . The FBI's fixation on Hatfill at least as rumored by some reporters may have stemmed from a warning by one Senator that careers hung in the balance
the fixation on senator least rumored a . as from in by hung 's at careers stemmed one reporters ( may by have the some FBI warning Hatfill balance that )
1570
- . Leahy's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted
liberal democrats apparently some staff strong the predisposition being 's with - Leahy right started chief that two winger being because involved of . having targeted
1575
, . . Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion it is only fair that the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr Hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case
, being being to fact a FBI now being having that fair it the that under suspicion proves enthusiasm dropped leaks that he given with suspect the only being regrettable Hatfill that the as case equal and . leaks if the when Dr.
1611
, . We are aiming to have the programme printed next week so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year's congress
's aiming you available congress to as have so we to as next possible I need this know really soon if at programme . would printed the week speak being years to , being would
1615
+ + . - . / Philip Annesley Conference Producer Risk Waters Group 44 20 7484 9866 44 20 7484 9800 www risk conferences com risk2001aus
Waters 20 Philip 20 9800 9866 +44 Group www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus 7484 conference Risk producer Annesley 7484 +44
1616
( / ) : . Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night 5 18 at Sullivan's Steak House for 6 30
for make at the Friday reservations House table round Steak ( Sullivan Beth . 's ) for we 5/18 night 6:30 having
1623
( / ) : . Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night 5 18 at Sullivan's Steak House for 6 30
Sullivan having Friday . night 's 6:30 ( Beth make at 5/18 reservations Round House the we Table for ) Steak for
1632
, , . Elena's title is admin coordinator and I know that Sara should not have this title and honestly do not think that Elena should also
, coordinator and . Elena that also , being admin that should and should title Sara have not honestly doing Elena this knew title 's not I think
1634
/ . . , . I suggest that you compare Elena and Sarah's duties level to other Sr Spec in your group such as Kenneth Parkhill and Sevil to determine if they are equivalent or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad
compare you as Elena and such Sarah duties to determine that . spec. and Parkhill broad sr. scope of and 's experience Kenneth not they equivalent other or suggest to Sevil being you level being in if / responsibilities , I as groups if they
1635
, ( - ). If the latter is the case we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group the salary range is 33 66K
both groups in ( the we Sara the a being job case Elena if k - salary could 66 33 latter , the and being specialist place ) range .
1645
- . Martin's box is working wonderfully I'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday
everything transferred keys giving - it Martin the being by working Friday he . 's I have will to box wonderfully and
1647
$ , , , . We save 21 000 in real money this way the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server using a box that wasn't being used by anyone
a we using being real . not box Enron for other being 21,000 way refund that in money giving , $ this anyone server being Sun we cash the save used by ,
1648
. I'm happy about this
about . happy this being I
1652
, , Anne please include this info in Iris' file
info file Iris Anne please include , , in this '
1656
. I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now
unique in have meeting I opportunities access . I not to present interest investment can you that have now doing would if
1657
, , , , . Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund telling me to invest in Home Depot Sun and Coke or trying to pass off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable
consisted to research telling and suggesting in fund , trying most or , Home . ' banks , my of with to mutual something Sun in of , pass a having advisors past reports off they financial I Depot they valuable Coke contact the biased as invest
1659
, @ , . If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S P I'd listen
with . as the you equity present , such or potential or opportunities hedge and listen private ideas can strong would access if other correlation to growth low , I to funds s@p
1662
. We'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options
get sent for and you together to we naked . options paperwork will the
1663
, -- ? At some point I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close
diversification some quick more at perhaps markets -- the ? over would after to I the meeting close talked dinner a in strategy likes about or point detail ,
1664
, . - - - - : - - : - - Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber Inc 713 654 0365 800 553 3119 x365 Fax 713 654 1281 Cell 281 435 0295
Emery 281-435-0295 x365 PaineWebber president 800-553-3119 , Group : Michael Financial vice account 713-654-0365 713-654-1281 cell fax : Inc. Gapinski
1667
, , . However with my natural long I'm not looking to really trade around the position
however not looking , being around to . natural really my with the I position trade , long
1668
, , % . I believe ENE will continue to be range bound but in case it is not I don't want to forgo 50 of my option premium
% of doing premium I in will ENE 50 , I it option range case but my being to believe . bound not continue want not being to forgo ,
1677
@ , @ . I'm not sure that ENE 75 is the place but maybe 73
. but , being @ maybe the not ENE being @ place that sure 73 I 75
1678
. Call me if you're interested
being interested call . I if you
1679
, . - - - - : - - : - - Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber Inc 713 654 0365 800 553 3119 x365 Fax 713 654 1281 Cell 281 435 0295
713-654-0365 fax account PaineWebber president Group Inc. Gapinski 800-553-3119 vice : x365 713-654-1281 Michael 281-435-0295 cell , Emery Financial :
1680
: / ( ) - . Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions Please do not transmit orders and or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account s by e mail
by ) account : of instructions and transmit not entry regarding and or / notice orders orders s instructions . PaineWebber doing e-mail regarding you ( please
1681
/ - / . Orders and or instructions transmitted by e mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and or instructions
e-mail not responsible not being such by or / and transmitted . PaineWebber accepted PaineWebber out being orders will by orders and carrying or instructions for will / instructions and
1682
: - / . Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e mail communications sent and or received by its employees
the communications regarding : PaineWebber monitor the by confidentiality . right notice reserves received to its content and and e-mail all sent and / privacy or review employees of
1683
: / ( ) - . Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions Please do not transmit orders and or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account s by e mail
and instructions : instructions entry doing or not ( e-mail and . orders orders of please by account regarding you notice ) transmit regarding PaineWebber s /
1684
/ - / . Orders and or instructions transmitted by e mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and or instructions
such PaineWebber instructions by and instructions accepted e-mail responsible or out will orders . orders being being for not and / or by will carrying and not transmitted PaineWebber /
1685
: - / . Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e mail communications sent and or received by its employees
reserves right sent . / content and regarding communications employees review : or privacy and monitor all of Notice the to its the confidentiality received by and PaineWebber e-mail
1686
: / ( ) - . Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions Please do not transmit orders and or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account s by e mail
regarding notice not doing orders regarding instructions PaineWebber and and e-mail ( . : ) or account by of entry transmit / you orders instructions please s
1687
/ - / . Orders and or instructions transmitted by e mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and or instructions
/ e-mail by being orders such carrying will out instructions or accepted for will orders PaineWebber / and or PaineWebber responsible transmitted being by not instructions . not and and
1688
: - / . Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e mail communications sent and or received by its employees
: its employees and all privacy or and monitor right communications to and review the / notice sent by content of reserves confidentiality e-mail received regarding PaineWebber . the
1690
. @ . Please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to Sean Cooper ElPaso com
email having changed effective sean.cooper@elpaso.com address that note immediately to please my
1704
. Wednesday doesn't work for me
does for not working . I Wednesday
1705
: . How about Tuesday's at 3 30 Houston time
Houston . 3:30 Tuesday's how about time at
1714
. Wednesday doesn't work for me
working . for Wednesday does I not
1715
: . How about Tuesday's at 3 30 Houston time
how time at about 3:30 Houston Tuesday's .
1728
. I'm at xif you have any questions
any x at I being you having if . questions
1730
, , ( + ), - . I understand all of those comparisons however the reality is if we lose Dean which we will if we don't pay 65k 10k we will end up hiring a replacement at 75 80k
which 75 if 65 will we of ( however Dean ) we - understand we . I will 80 those k being not replacement 10 the a at k , hiring k lose paying up , doing + we if comparisons reality end all ,
1737
: $ , Current Salary 47 500
: $ current salary 47,500
1741
Base Salary 65k
k 65 salary base
1743
$ , 5 000 signing
5,000 $ signing
1745
: Base Salary 55k
k 55 : base salary
1747
$ , 5 000 signing
signing 5,000 $
1748
: $ , ( %) . Business Case If we offered Dean 55k or 60k it would still constitute a over a 10 000 increase approximately 25 and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level
we ) % dean increase he into . as 10,000 k taking it offered a approximately constitute consideration at k 55 business the a 25 over ( and would 60 if being or : rated level $ specialist still satisfactory case
1749
, . Also the top of the salary range for a specialist is 66k
k . salary a also range specialist of being top the , 66 for the
1751
, . , , . Secondly he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg Paul Thomas Jason Choate Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai
being and excellent Paul Todd out you still Choate same performers Peter price DeCook that will and he the respectively groups performers job Makkai , in Jason having . that eg. secondly Thomas strong , ,
1753
$ , Maria Valdes superior 62 500
Valdes 62,500 Maria $ superior
1754
$ , Paul Thomas excellent 55 008
$ excellent Paul Thomas 55,008
1755
$ , Jason Choate excellent 60 008
Choate $ Jason excellent 60,008
1756
$ , Todd DeCook strong 42 008
42,008 DeCook Todd $ strong
1757
$ , Peter Makkai strong 47 500
Makkai $ Peter strong 47,500
1760
. - , , , Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference Feb 5 8 2002 Miami Florida
2002 - 8 Feb. Miami 5 , expansion , in Transition transmission Florida , Systems Conference and
1762
. . . This conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to U S electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC 's RTO initiatives
new transition RTO examine business challenges in the emerging to and capacity U.S. larger in competitive conference FERC this demands expanding and initiatives in under 's to markets the will effectively . electric systems regulatory more meet regional transmission
1765
, - . It will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing including market based pricing alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methods
market proposals pricing , and it 's emerging methods traditional pricing . - transmission alternatives for analyze will FERC based pricing planning effective including to
1767
:< :// . . / / _ . > << :// . . / / _ . >> The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below http www euci com pdf trans expn pdf http www euci com pdf trans expn pdf
obtained the and Conference associated below brochure < the > can by >> Workshops for on << being the http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf link : clicking
1769
. I need to check something in 969's 2000 tax return
needs tax 969 something 2000 I . return check in to 's
1773
/ / : 07 30 2001 05 17 PM
pm 07/30/2001 05:17
1774
< ( )> Embedded Picture Device Independent Bitmap
) embedded device bitmap pictures independent ( < >
1775
. I think that this is for you since I don't know any of these people
for not you of that I . being this these since doing any peoples know I thought
1778
: WHEN Today at 5pm
5 pm when at todays :
1779
: . ( ) - WHERE The Front Porch 217 Gray St 713 571 9571
( Porch Front : 571-9571 St. the ) 217 713 Gray where
1780
: . WHY Today is John's last day at EBS
EBS day being lasted . : 's at todays John why
1788
, . If you have not already made these decisions Essie's guidance should be helpful
's , already if helpful you guidance . make not these should decisions have Essie being
1789
Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774
corporate Patty x35172 tax 1774 Lee EB
1801
, . There is a corporate data sheet for this company but this entity seems to have been inactive since it's creation
since a sheet corporate this . there to entity inactive company seems , have for it creation being being but this data being
1804
, $ $ , . Per September financials this company has about 3M of MTM and about 8K of expenses nothing else
$ company k of . , 8 nothing having expenses and MTM else financials , this about September per m $ of 3 about
1808
, / . Company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities but no I S items
company items of , with and around being i/s liabilities no but amount small a . assets
1813
- . . 1579 EBS Network Co Division of 17H
of Co. . Network - division EBS 17h 1579
1816
/ ( ) & ( ). I think this could go to either Holding Administrative Companies Same as 17H or Network Services Leon
to services administrative as thought ) & network companies 17h I ( either this could ( / . ) or same Leon go holding
1825
( ). Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker
VOF assigned ( to Walloch Glen . America North Cherokee Walker and Finance Kevin being )
1832
( ). It should be assigned to North America Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker
should being ) Walker ( Glen to America and North it Kevin . assigned Walloch
1835
( ) - . @ . Leon Branom Senior Tax Analyst Networks and Services 713 345 8702 office leon branom enron com
networks Branom tax 345-8702 senior 713 leon.branom@enron.com and office services Leon ( analyst )
1844
, . If you have not already made these decisions Essie's guidance should be helpful
guidance . helpful you decisions should , if being make already not have 's Essie these
1845
Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774
EB corporate x35172 1774 tax Patty Lee
1864
. My concept is that overtime I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like
they being really depending all one of time being over something would I find my when likes following like and that to that I we the artists . concept all own
1865
( . ). I listed all of our sometimes mine vs my wife's favorites and priorities
's of I and vs. my we favorites . ) ( listed mine all sometimes priorities wives
1875
) I don't know that he did any
he I any not know done that doing )
1885
, - ( ) . By the way I am interested in re looking at a Picasso although we have 2 that your gallery had a couple of years ago
been you 2 that I a couple in ( at interested re-looking ago we gallery . the Picasso a way ) have , years having although by of
1886
" " ( ). It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a push wa pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling
vs a ) 1920 push called the pronunciation a cubist and a the piece ( believe I the proper wa from technique attempt spelling " it at . you " being
1887
$ , . It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about 20 000
in in 20,000 galleries a and it for of being . about couple $ SF sale being
1893
/ / : 01 19 2001 09 14 AM
am 09:14 01/19/2001
1895
/ / : 01 19 01 07 55 AM
am 07:55 01/19/01
1898
. We'll find time when things settle down
when . will time we settle down find things
1900
/ / : 01 19 2001 07 24 AM
am 07:24 01/19/2001
1903
, . I may have to postpone again I'll let you know later this morning
. again later I , you this may to let morning will I postpone have know
1905
, . Actually I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to cancel
just being I to I doing too not cancel probably lunch , so been we pretty better doing . I having in but thought being mad actually shape will if
1907
( . ( )) , . PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture com bowl and that one in Shreveport I can't remember the name of it I realized he is a very very sick college football fan
that you he bowl football when of I of realized one two games he . ( a that being not the bowl found out galleryfurniture.com I in going college sick remember )) very and ( it Shreveport the , brother fan I to being very told name I they can 3 ps
1910
. I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down
wording have not first down changed after put even I I . it the
1914
/ / : 01 19 2001 07 24 AM
01/19/2001 07:24 am
1917
, . I may have to postpone again I'll let you know later this morning
this you I morning . again later will to let I have , may know postpone
1919
, . Actually I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to cancel
being being having probably if been doing too cancel pretty shape will but I to I in thought , actually mad . doing I just lunch better we not so
1921
( . ( )) , . PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture com bowl and that one in Shreveport I can't remember the name of it I realized he is a very very sick college football fan
name I he , )) the they fan remember in bowl of a being being can you very found going one ( . not college to ( that I realized I it sick games of brother ps he galleryfurniture.com two when Shreveport I told and bowl football very that out the 3
1923
, . Too bad you won't make the Compaq thing but maybe next year
next Compaq the . , will making you years maybe not bad but thing too
1928
/ / : 09 20 2000 04 18 PM
04:18 09/20/2000 pm
1930
I'll be in around1000
will being 1000 I around in
1931
, . Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much which means leaving by 445 or so
or I try . so 445 to Michael away going much Fridays so pick means , to since I leaving up being most by being which
1935
( , , - ). Neil has a meeting in San Antonio usually it is in Miami San Francisco Phoenix not so great this year
Miami , a ( Francisco great years , Antonio Phoenix ) being this having San in in usually it meeting San so - Neil not .
1936
, . It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise and spouses are invited
being spouses Enterprise . the meeting it for invited officer and being , 's
1937
. This means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing
means being thing this will in town we not Compaq for . the
1940
, ... I'm watching for some good vacation days also
some , being I also days vacation watching for better ...
1945
, ? Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft
we and the the the to a want attach terms draft development draft , on same in deal as being final condition doing the what of to agreement ? substantially agreeing
1948
, ( ). I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement which may be in Bart's files haven't checked closely yet
for looking . files not in checked being closely I have ( which yet 's , confidentiality ) Bart the agreement may being
1957
, ? Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft
the the to same being , attach the of we ? in doing terms the draft deal and agreement draft final agreeing condition want on development to as a what substantially
1960
, ( ). I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement which may be in Bart's files haven't checked closely yet
checked files in Bart . have confidentiality for being agreement not ( looking yet may , 's being ) closely the which I
1964
, $ . On the issue of the contracts the draft says that the 170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed
epc . that contracts m draft when on signed the 170 contracts the saying the $ of issue , the paid the being being
1968
. ( . ., ). 1 The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer i e ONSI would be a lot more money
not money more without the the listing FuelCell meaningful 1 lot , ONSI ( given ) pricing . Energy specific and have we i.e. that . being CRRA to manufacturers would being would a being
1976
. We don't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project
the one another on want performance project project of not of . acceptance to we condition doing the
1980
. Mom's birthday is tommorow
birthday tommorow . Mom 's being
1987
< . @ . > / / : : Michael McDermott Michael McDermott spectrongroup com on 06 01 2000 06 00 56 AM
Michael 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am > on < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com McDermott
1988
` .... Yo Mama s so fat
fat mama `s so .... yo
1992
. (<- ) She puts mayonnaise on aspirin clearly the winner
the she ( winner <- clearly mayonnaise puts aspirin ) on .
1999
` , : " : " ` , , . Yo mama s so fat all the restaurants in town have signs that say Maximum Occupancy 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama Yo mama s so fat when she ran away they had to use all four sides of the milk carton
to so all , `s fat . away all " when or milk have carton mama `s : yo having they says yo signs ran mama she maximum , restaurants 240 the " yo that mama town four sides the of occupancy use in : , fat patrons so
2000
` , , ` ` . Yo mama s so fat instead of Levis 501 jeans she wears Levi s 1002 s
so , wears instead Levi`s of 501 mama . fat yo she , `s 1002`s jeans Levis
2001
` , , . Yo mama s so fat when she gets in an elevator it HAS to go down
. when in go mama yo fat she it , to , a so elevator `s having down gets
2002
` , . Yo mama s so fat she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth
with shovel so mama a `s fat in born she mouth being she yo . silver ,
2003
` , ` . Yo mama s so fat she s got smaller fat women orbiting around her
gotten . she `s so women yo , mama fat fat smaller she orbiting `s around
2004
` , . Yo mama s so fat she could sell shade
shade mama , sell could so `s . fat she yo
2010
- . Poll your co workers
. co-workers poll you
2012
. I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you didn't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis
waste . want yesterday arthritis got so you called doing I time you that told while abruptly Paul to he you not he for because done tests
2017
. All the guys at work are saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one
should it a just not being work new at saying should . bother guys all I having one buy fixed I the
2019
- Jai Hawker 974 6721
Hawker Jai 974-6721
2020
$. I won't forget about the
. will the forget I $ about not
2024
. Don't take that deal out until I look at it
doing I until that deal it look . take out not at
2025
( ). I think it is mine but I forgot to write it in the blue FX book I only wrote it in my red book
I ( book to ) being only it book the thought . it fx it but in red my mine write blue I in I write forgot
2037
. I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today
todays I to to . Paul get a chance talked not doing
2042
: ? How about meeting at 11 30 or 12
about or how at ? 11:30 12 meeting
2044
- CD 3 1663
CD 3-1663
2048
. Hopefully he didn't spel anyting incorrectly
doing anyting he not hopefully incorrectly . spel
2051
( ). Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend
Tuesday went weekend discuss golf to ( ) give for to I a Kelowna . afternoon call the
2054
. I haven't had a chance to send it yet
yet a have send have . not chance it I to
2055
. Paul is out of the office today so I haven't had a chance to talk to him
he Paul todays to of . to I being not chance so have talked a the have out office
2056
. I'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not
resond should . I will as I as or send wether you soon it not
2060
. , , - - Chris Enron Canada Corp Suite 1100 70 York Street Toronto Ontario M5J 1S9 416 865 3700
1100 m5j Chris 70 Canada , suite Corp. Ontario Enron York Street Toronto , 416-865-3700 1s9
2061
- - - Paul DeVries Director 416 865 3703
- 416-865-3703 director Paul DeVries
2062
- - - Jan Wilson Manager 416 865 3704
416-865-3704 - Wilson Jan manager
2063
( ). Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X NWP and PGT
) nwp the attached for of . pgt a and summer the for rest being x forecast ( the
2074
/ / : 26 09 2000 14 14
26/09/2000 14:14
2076
( ) ( ). Off and on with Jackie Gentle's help I have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards itself a one page summary
one Gentle together have page itself ) a ( help and operating ( we fundamental with off . note communication Jackie a page pulled on on standards ) 's one summary I
2081
-- ( ), . Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January National Charity League Senior Presentation big dance that she and I are committed to help with the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion
( League Cotillion the couple Senior and bigger does National committed ) Ball bigger in . on a -- with weekend winter , party things a dance helped to she Presentation Meagan for and being Charity Bearkadette January that I have the of
2083
( !). So the last weekend in January would work well and I will need a rest from formal affairs
the I and ) will need working lasted rest ( . weekend January from ! a in affairs would formal so well
2090
- . She has some big presentation mid January
presentation mid-January having she some bigger .
2103
( ) . The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston for comments to all business controllers
to you been return Brent ) took point know controllers business this standards being drafted Houston that doing this circulated for . this lasted to all fundamental for being the Shona to Brent starting after ( and operating after comments I 's
2104
, . I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed understand and have implemented these standards
I implemented have the doing understand standards these that not we reviewed can worldwide quite , believe . have controllers all we point say that at that and business being
2114
, . Since you asked for input I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some
, you since you I . asked mind some gave hope not input doing that I for that you
2116
/ / : 11 10 2000 01 04 PM
pm 01:04 11/10/2000
2117
, % ( ) $ . $ . . Steve I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 year on year ie 13 9M from 11 5M
) to we being 21 ( from $ up from 2001 that noticed I % going , Steve . ie 11.5 years $ 2000 m m on allocation 13.9 years by
2118
, . We have been able to keep ENA's direct group expenses flat year on year we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well
keeping direct being keeping years we well flat the able as expenses to have years on to we ENA years being trying corporate . years groups allocation flat 's hard to ,
2122
... . Don't worry about it sorry for putting you back on speaker
doing on not it worry you speaker putting about ... . back for sorry
2123
( ). I just wanted Sue to hear she enjoys utility bashing so much
much enjoys bashing . just ( so Sue wanted ) utility I heard she to
2125
; ( ). In some respects I don't think the first panel could have gone much better everyone thanked FERC for intervening though for different reasons
in thanked ) first I went . FERC ( intervening doing respects for though ; have different for much better could some not everyone panel reasons think the
2130
/ / : 11 10 2000 12 33 PM
12:33 pm 11/10/2000
2141
/ / : 11 10 2000 12 21 PM
11/10/2000 pm 12:21
2147
/ / : 11 10 2000 11 08 AM
11:08 am 11/10/2000
2151
. IT still cannot commit to transferring messages across domains
messages transferring can domains it still . to not across commit
2155
, , . HR intended to be a key user of this tool will not use BackWeb because survey responses cannot be made anonymous
to . user can of use because tool survey anonymous this , , being intended not will not hr key BackWeb a being make responses
2165
/ / : 11 09 2000 11 35 AM
am 11:35 11/09/2000
2166
, ? Do we have a sense for how many we can reach how many we can't and where they are
reach many not sense can can how they , we have many doing for ? how being where we and we a
2169
/ / : 11 08 2000 11 02 AM
11/08/2000 am 11:02
2176
/ / : 11 10 2000 05 59 PM
pm 05:59 11/10/2000
2177
, . . Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday Nov 9th
Nov. to conference 9th . asked FERC I Thursday a having review the that Paul set being held , Kaufman call to meeting
2179
: , . Date Monday Nov 13th
: Monday , date Nov. 13th
2180
: : / : / : Time 11 30am 1 30pm Central 2 30pm Eastern
2:30 : Central pm 1:30 / / 11:30 pm Eastern time am
2181
#: - - Call In 888 422 7132
call in # : 888-422-7132
2182
#: Pin 411507
411507 : # pin
2184
, / - . If you have any questions please call 503 464 7927
if please having you any call 503/464-7927 , questions .
2185
. Lysa Akin Ass't to Paul Kaufman
to Kaufman Lysa Paul ass't. Akin
2186
it's on tonight
being it tonight on
2187
- ? the deal number is 814014 why can't you see this
not see this you being can the ? numbers why deal 814014 -
2188
, @ . ? Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3 500 mmbtu on May 30th 2 975
2.975 3,500 doing a Marketing purchasing on @ doing you 30th ? May with deal Fuel mmbtu National
2189
. They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it
doing not this invoicing for it a have being and invoicing they . I for
2190
#? Can you give me the Sitara deal
deal I you can giving Sitara # ? the
2195
/ . Same number with expiration date of 3 03
date same . expiration 3/03 numbers with of
2199
- - ? Actually upon second look the deal number is 814014 why can't you see this
looked can second why 814014 see being deal upon this actually ? numbers the - - not you
2200
, @ . ? Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3 500 mmbtu on May 30th 2 975
with @ Marketing National deal May 3,500 2.975 30th on ? mmbtu you Fuel purchasing doing a doing
2201
. They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it
I not doing invoicing being a it they . invoicing have this and for for
2202
#? Can you give me the Sitara deal
giving I ? # you the deal Sitara can
2207
- . Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non Bondad GDP
bondad based non-bondad reflects being on but sj to system . paying gdp sj SWG gdp we we going
2210
: ( ) - : ( ) - : . @ . Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone 713 345 9945 Fax 713 646 8420 Email laurie ellis enron com
client ) phone services : laurie.ellis@enron.com email 713 345-9945 Enron LLC ( Net : 646-8420 ) : fax Laurie Works Ellis 713 (
2215
, - . Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed the price was Non Bondad
Mark . the Anderson non-bondad though gas price that even bondad saying being , flowed
2218
- . << : . >> ENRON XLS File ENRON XLS
file >> << enron.xls : - enron.xls
2219
- . << : . >> enrongss xls File enrongss xls
enrongss.xls << >> file - : enrongss.xls
2222
- . Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non Bondad GDP
going non-bondad but we system sj to bondad sj paying gdp SWG gdp we on . being reflects based
2225
: ( ) - : ( ) - : . @ . Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone 713 345 9945 Fax 713 646 8420 Email laurie ellis enron com
laurie.ellis@enron.com 646-8420 Laurie fax Net email 713 services Ellis ( Enron ) : phone 345-9945 ) : ( : LLC 713 Works client
2230
, - . Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed the price was Non Bondad
Anderson gas even bondad . flowed being though non-bondad price saying the Mark that ,
2233
- . << : . >> ENRON XLS File ENRON XLS
<< : >> - file enron.xls enron.xls
2234
- . << : . >> enrongss xls File enrongss xls
enrongss.xls : >> << enrongss.xls file -
2235
- I talked with Markat SW Gas just honro his numbers
talked at he Gas Mark - I honro numbers with just SW
2237
- . My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non Bondad GDP
sj price . of trader bondad my than non-bondad being sj gdp gdp supporting she rather
2239
: ( ) - : ( ) - : . @ . Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone 713 345 9945 Fax 713 646 8420 Email laurie ellis enron com
( 646-8420 phone Enron 713 : Works ) : 713 ) 345-9945 Laurie email laurie.ellis@enron.com ( client LLC Ellis fax : Net services
2242
- . Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non Bondad GDP
on we based but sj sj gdp to reflects gdp going bondad . non-bondad system SWG being paying we
2245
: ( ) - : ( ) - : . @ . Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone 713 345 9945 Fax 713 646 8420 Email laurie ellis enron com
) Enron Ellis laurie.ellis@enron.com services : : ) Net 713 ( 646-8420 713 fax ( : Works phone client Laurie LLC email 345-9945
2250
, - . Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed the price was Non Bondad
price that bondad even being Mark though flowed saying non-bondad . Anderson the gas ,
2253
- . << : . >> ENRON XLS File ENRON XLS
enron.xls >> enron.xls << - : file
2254
- . << : . >> enrongss xls File enrongss xls
<< enrongss.xls - >> enrongss.xls file :
2255
/ / : Please find enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11 1 01
's delvery PGE volumes request : EES CityGate for 11/1/01 please find for effective enclosed
2259
- . I have not had the patience to get it working I will callyou some evening and we can walk thru it
patience thru walk to have we the get will call you it and some - evening have I I can not it working .
2264
? How is Deb's knee
being 's knee ? how Deb
2267
. YesShe is having physical theraphy 3 times a week
week times she . theraphy physical yes being 3 a having
2269
. I haven't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her
. have have only she to a weeks for and couple seeing she of talked not I
2275
, . Yes maam she's UBS now
maam being now yes she , ubs .
2278
. I didn't remember if your email mentioned Judy
. remember if Judy doing not you mentioned email I
2280
: . . : . . : . . . Cindy Franklin Transportation Services Work 832 676 3177 Fax 832 676 1329 Pager 1 888 509 3736
Franklin fax services : work 1.888.509.3736 transportation : : Cindy 832.676.3177 pager 832.676.1329
2288
!!! And I bet she's on the phone with Shemin too
on !!! phone she the Shemin too being and bet with I
2290
, ( ?), . Our last call was Iris Kind Bill Savier sp and Jeff Davis
? , , and being we call lasted Davis Bill ) ( . sp Jeff Iris Savier Kind
2291
. Don't forget about me
I . doing about forget not
2292
. I'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement
tabs on gas being still it find and to I out agreement what trying move . will take ena to
2297
. I won't find out until Monday
until will out . not I Monday find
2299
. Then I'll take it to Ed for his approval
he take it will then for . to approval I Ed
2307
( .) Her voice mail says she's out of the office until Monday
out of ( being ) she she office mail saying until voice . Monday the
2309
. , : - - : - - - : @ . David T Metcalfe Cullen and Dykman LLP 177 Montague Street Brooklyn New York 11201 phone 718 780 0046 fax 718 780 0276 e mail dmetcalfe cullenanddykman com
11201 , New Metcalfe 718-780-0276 Street and T. Brooklyn 718-780-0046 Cullen : : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com Dykman fax David 177 Montague LLP phone York e-mail :
2311
, / ( ). This email may contain material that is confidential privileged and or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient s
or intended use the confidential material contain , attorney s work email and may being recipient that privileged product ( sole . for the this ) / of
2318
. , " . Ms Walters approached one of the women and said This is marvelous
approached Ms. women of Walters being and this marvelous , the . " saying one
2319
?" Can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles
what can told ? to just of enabled free this achieved the women you here world reversal " roles
2320
" ," . Land mines said the Kuwaiti woman
woman " , saying mines " kuwaiti . land the
2327
: . I'll be at your house around 10 30 or 11 tonight
you or being at will I 10:30 around house . tonight 11
2333
. @ . / / : : Chris Germany enron com on 01 25 2002 03 13 58 PM
01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm chris.germany@enron.com on
2338
, . So I'm going with you I pay for the gas and the twinkies
you I . and pay going gas twinkies the being so , the I with for
2346
, . In all we received requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event
requests a persons . , to all of Enron eSpeak received outside in event we for 61 hosted
2347
, . We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting so we've provided a sampling of the suggestions below
suggestions interesting sampling might you , have the so to we a you who provided know we likes thought of below find . colleagues
2354
. , , , . . . 5 General Colin Powell former Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff U S A
U.S.A General Joint former , Staff 5 Chiefs . . Chairman of , Powell , Colin
2355
. , , , . . . 4 Alan Greenspan Chairman Federal Reserve U S A
U.S.A , , 4 . Federal , . Chairman Alan Greenspan Reserve
2356
. . . 3 Former U S President George Bush
former . Bush George President U.S. 3
2358
. . 1 Texas Governor George W Bush
Governor 1 Bush George W. . Texas
2359
, . While we can't make any promises we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests
. while we special of bring will making , these promises at doing best some we can guests least in any we to not
2360
, @ . . If you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers please let us know at ethink enron com
we we lets in at , if any speakers these touch get contacts could please know who having . helped guest with you ethink@enron.com
2369
. 7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect
am at . being perfect Hyatt Regency 7 would Downtown
2370
. I will see you in the lobby at 7am
am at . will see in I you lobby the 7
2374
( ). Friday is a bad day Performance Review Committee all day
being all performance a . ) day day Friday review ( bad committee
2375
: : ? What about 7 00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7 00
the or what breakfast 7:00 ? about at office at meeting 7:00
2376
( ). We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown Smith Street
) Street can ( we at Smith meet . Hyatt Downtown Regency
2382
!! That will ensure that I wont take up too much of your time
will of will I too take that not you ensure much that time !! up
2387
. I'll initiate the call
the initiate . will call I
2390
: ? What about 10 30 my time
my ? about time 10:30 what
2392
< @ . > Please respond to ekrapels esaibos com
ekrapels@esaibos.com > please to < respond
2399
< @ . > Please respond to ekrapels esaibos com
respond > please ekrapels@esaibos.com to <
2400
. I'll still be here in Boston so we'd do it over the phone
the so we in Boston will it over still phone doing . would I here being
2405
< @ . > Please respond to ekrapels esaibos com
to < respond > ekrapels@esaibos.com please
2407
- , ? How about a pre meeting web site cruise on Friday July 7 at 11AM EDT
at , am web 11 site on 7 pre-meeting ? Friday a about how cruises July EDT
2410
, : . July 12 2 30 it is
12 it July . 2:30 being ,
2411
- . I would like the pre meeting site cruise
would . I cruises likes pre-meeting the site
2414
< @ . > Please respond to ekrapels esaibos com
ekrapels@esaibos.com > respond please to <
2416
: . We're all set for 2 30 on July 12
set 12 being July . 2:30 we on for all
2417
- , ? How about a pre meeting web site cruise on Friday July 7 at 11AM EDT
on 11 am Friday a web , July how 7 about at EDT site cruises pre-meeting ?
2420
, , : . Wednesday July 12 2 300 will work for me
for July , . I 12 Wednesday working will 2:300 ,
2421
-- . . . I shall be glad to review your website www weathereffects com
glad to . -- shall review I being you www.weathereffects.com website
2424
< @ . > Please respond to ekrapels esaibos com
please < > respond ekrapels@esaibos.com to
2426
. Good to hear from you and I'm glad you're available
better . and you available I being from to you glad heard being
2427
: ? How is Wednesday at 2 30
how Wednesday being at ? 2:30
2433
, -- . . . If we have time next week I could step you through our website www weathereffects com
-- through website , we step week if time . having I next www.weathereffects.com could you we
2434
. I'm very proud of what we've done
done what I proud being have . we very of
2435
. I can't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password
with the not phone out yet giving site walk but my happy . you using to over a can the would I password password being through
2436
-- - - - ( , - , ) . It's a very ambitious site with state of the art WSI weather seasonal 6 10 and day to day driving a good load model for PJM and NEPOOL
NEPOOL , - art it and - -- stated the model . day a to seasonal very better being , and 6 load ambitious of PJM driving with ) for a - - weather 10 day ( wsi site
2438
- , ( . ., $ $ ). After one month's full bore effort I'm pleased with the results e g we forecast Nepool onpeak to be 43 and it turned out 46
being . full - bore effort 's ( being to pleased one with ) $ $ the results forecast it we month 43 turned 46 , e.g. Nepool onpeak after I out and ,
2443
, , : : . What about Wednesday July 12 between 1 30 and 4 00
Wednesday , between and , 12 4:00 about 1:30 what . July
2447
. . , ? P S By the way did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL
? by the the chance have at , way take a looked a eol doing you p.s. to
2448
@ . Please respond to ekrapels esaibos com
respond please to ekrapels@esaibos.com
2449
/ / : 03 02 2001 10 46 AM
03/02/2001 am 10:46
2451
_ @ . / / : : Joe Lardy cargill com on 03 02 2001 10 39 03 AM
10:39:03 on 03/02/2001 am joe_lardy@cargill.com
2452
. Currently Cargill and Enron have a 15MM collateral threshold
threshold Enron Cargill mm having . 15 collateral currently and a
2455
, , . We would still keep the 20 000 000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement
schedule poa keeping b in . agreement 20,000,000 still we of line the the would referenced
2467
... we will not go over Global's piece of the Cargill line
over will of go not Global piece line 's Cargill the we ...
2478
/ / : 02 27 2001 08 23 AM
02/27/2001 am 08:23
2481
/ / , ( ) , , ( ) - , . These have been compared against the draft dated 11 8 2000 and include ENA's accepted changes per your a faxed comments transmitted to ENA on January 5 2001 and b e mail comments transmitted to ENA on January 19th 2001
dated on faxed and ( January 19th to 2001 changes 2001 a comments 11/8/2000 ENA against on and have per compared , the 5 ENA transmitted b to being , accepted include transmitted ) ) comments . January ( , these 's ENA draft you e-mail ,
2484
. Susan S Bailey
Bailey Susan S.
2485
. I don't know anything about these transactions
these not . about anything know transactions doing I
2487
/ / : 03 01 2001 01 35 PM
pm 03/01/2001 01:35
2490
) - . ( ) 1 Edison International Swap with Enron Europe Ltd 2 in total
) Europe 1 Ltd. ( - Enron International Edison ) in 2 with total swap
2491
) & - . ( ) 2 PG E Swap with Enron Europe Ltd 3 in total
pg&e in Europe total 2 swap Enron Ltd. 3 ) - ( with )
2496
= ( ) - [ , ?] Floating Amount Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price USD 38 000
- [ 38,000 usd ( floating x price ? ) quantity amount period ] per floating notional = calculation
2498
" : , [ ] [ ] [ ] { , ?], [ - ?]" Other Provisions On each Payment Date ENA shall pay a fee of an amount equal to USD 38 000 which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the Master Agreement how do you refer to the agreement
provisions you 38,000 payment how usd ] other equal of , which [ subject shall ? to ] amount doing of fee paying agreement to date to the on - master each netting " shall the a a ] { refer : ? [ ] amount the ] " being agreement provisions , [ [ ENA
2501
/ / : 03 02 2001 02 10 PM
02:10 03/02/2001 pm
2503
= ( ) - [ , ?] Floating Amount Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price USD 38 000
[ x ? ] - usd amount calculation period per ( 38,000 quantity floating ) notional = price floating
2511
. I didn't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand
with offsite speak you after to hand to the chance have . a I doing shake not you
2515
/ / : 02 27 2001 06 07 PM
pm 02/27/2001 06:07
2518
, "... ..." : The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text which instead of Two business days after the date of the Transaction shall read as follow
... days date two the mainly on settlement as date shall change follows transaction after of " the the instead which " text , ... of being : the read business
2519
& (" ") & . ( ) , , ( ) , . A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance Trading Limited EEFTL as agent for Risk Management Trading Corp under which either A for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL Counterparty shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign Currency Amount or B for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to sell to EEFTL Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive the Foreign Currency Amount
, which a paying from the to transaction agent ) shall and Enron offer with & Trading receive Corp. Management currency the which the " shall amount counterparty shall case to counterparty for or counterparty foreign , & counterparty ) the EEFTL base currency amount either EEFTL b base amount EEFTL currency and Finance under sell which , to foreign amount ( ) " Europe currency ( a ( the Trading for the shall in submits submits as offer buy in Risk currency receive paying for Limited case a a .
2524
( ) ( ). The price is quoted in JPY the 'Foreign Currency' per US Dollar the 'Base Currency'
. currency base price ' ) ( being ) jpy ' dollar the ' the US foreign in quoted currency ' per ( the
2529
. I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron
have needs not that out doing filled I . coverage health a through have I insurance to Enron saying form
2533
: . . Your mom just called and said your dad's surgery will be at 2 30 p m
. p.m 2:30 dad just saying will you at you mom surgery and 's being called
2535
, . . They will be there by noon on the 20th and the surgery will last 1 5 hours and then they'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU
into they and last . on he put before and 20th , 1.5 they watch hours more they hours the then he will be there will the surgery 2 by icu noon for will
2536
. They are hoping he'll only be in the hospital 48 hours
only will the being . 48 being hoping hospital hours he they in
2540
. , . My dad is having surgery in Ft Worth so I will be heading that way on Monday
dad in way on having will . heading my , that Monday being Ft. surgery I Worth so being
2541
, . . I was planning to be on vacation anyway but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft Worth which I would not have had otherwise
accessibility may Worth otherwise , anyway Ft. vacation have have planning on some I challenges not have would but were I I in to which being .
2544
. I hope you don't change your mind about going to the wedding Sunday
you going . Sunday wedding about mind not the hope changed to doing I you
2554
/ / : 03 15 2001 04 03 PM
04:03 pm 03/15/2001
2556
. , . My dad is having surgery in Ft Worth so I will be heading that way on Monday
being having Worth in surgery dad so Monday Ft. will , that way heading on being . I my
2557
, . . I was planning to be on vacation anyway but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft Worth which I would not have had otherwise
I . some accessibility otherwise have would not were but I Worth Ft. being in may anyway have on have to challenges I planning , vacation which
2560
. I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal
planning get since you not being deal involved to being this . I
2562
/ / : 03 15 2001 04 17 PM
pm 04:17 03/15/2001
2565
: - - - the number 1 800 991 9019
: the numbers 1-800-991-9019
2566
: # the passcode 6871082
the : 6871082# passcode
2567
: : - : the time 10 00 AM 11 00 AM CST
am 10:00 the 11:00 am time CST - :
2570
, - - . If you have any problems or questions please feel free to call me at 713 853 1696
I call please to free or at you , questions any having problems 713-853-1696 if feel .
2574
. Big deal kinda stuff
deal . stuff kind a bigger
2575
! I hope your dad's surgery goes well
's dad goes you hope I well ! surgery
2576
( ?)? Is this related to the problems he is having getting around circulatory
getting ( problems he this ? the circulatory to being ) having related around ? being
2579
/ / : 03 15 2001 04 11 PM
03/15/2001 04:11 pm
2581
/ / : 03 15 2001 04 03 PM
04:03 03/15/2001 pm
2583
. , . My dad is having surgery in Ft Worth so I will be heading that way on Monday
being I that having surgery in heading being on way . so Worth Monday , dad my Ft. will
2584
, . . I was planning to be on vacation anyway but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft Worth which I would not have had otherwise
in otherwise Ft. would Worth some . were to have challenges have being vacation but I I may have on anyway , I not accessibility which planning
2591
/ / : 03 15 2001 04 44 PM
04:44 pm 03/15/2001
2603
. Here's the version showing revisions
being revisions here showing . the version
2607
( ). Also attached is a sample availability provision actually 2 different versions
being ) availability different provision sample . ( attached actually also 2 versions a
2608
- . redvepco doc
- redvepco.doc
2609
- . SAMPLE DOC
- sample.doc
2610
/ / : 03 15 2001 04 17 PM
03/15/2001 pm 04:17
2613
: - - - the number 1 800 991 9019
numbers 1-800-991-9019 the :
2614
: # the passcode 6871082
the 6871082# passcode :
2615
: : - : the time 10 00 AM 11 00 AM CST
- time : 10:00 am CST am 11:00 the
2618
, - - . If you have any problems or questions please feel free to call me at 713 853 1696
having if call problems 713-853-1696 I any feel or to at questions free you . , please
2622
/ / : 02 13 2001 04 13 PM
04:13 02/13/2001 pm
2624
, . I'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet showing revisions from your original version
revised being you I term from , agreement forwarding original . sheet a development showing revisions version
2629
/ / : 03 16 2001 09 22 AM
am 03/16/2001 09:22
2630
- . I do not think the prior e mail got through to Kay
. the Kay I to got e-mail through not doing prior think
2632
/ . We have had no contact with the ENA Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I don't want to bust any structuring goals
goals Enron or peoples . doing have and have I contact with any we not Mexico no bust / legal the structuring commercial want ENA to
2638
- . I enjoyed your recent e mail but was sorry to hear about your dad
to heard . you dad but about being sorry enjoyed recent you e-mail I
2641
, . As I watched my mother and father's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die it is a very defining time in our lives
father very I mother 's time as we in and lives die they defining , and ultimately being health watched . watched deteriorate it my a
2649
, . They're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami Florida
but they they on being . Buenos honeymoon to , currently will being shortly from Miami Florida after moving returning Aires
2659
. . Thank you for your recent request for Mr Lay to speak at your conference
Mr. for . thank you you you Lay request speak to for conference recent at
2662
. Tori L Wells Executive Secretary
Wells secretary Tori L. executive
2665
. . I want to check with Mr Lay before confirming
before to Lay with confirming want check Mr. . I
2669
, , : - : . . As you know our next meeting is on Wednesday July 12 from 3 00 5 30 p m
3:00 July from on knew - as being 5:30 , 12 meeting Wednesday next , p.m we you .
2670
, , . In the next week or so we'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it
will , in of we the possible next as we week hope and the paper crystallizes it before issues try around will you so to . we sending through , to the a being to many talked go as discussion meeting which or
2671
, . Meanwhile Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them
, Levitt agreed meet to September we ideas to and we brainstorm Arthur the to with he the some sees sense of they a as also . generated giving in having we issues meanwhile of on have
2672
, -- , : - : . ., : - : . . There are three possible dates for the meeting which I suggest be in two parts first a meeting among the panel only from 5 00 6 30 p m and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6 30 8 30 p m
chairman 5:00 for be a meeting first 8:30 6:30 meeting and parts possible dates - , I there -- the p.m only the , in 6:30 p.m. - being a suggest , dinner which from two among then with panel . three Levitt from
2675
___________ , : - : Thursday September 14 5 00 8 30 pm
5:00 ___________ 8:30 , - September Thursday pm 14
2676
___________ , : - : Monday September 25 5 00 8 30 pm
8:30 25 Monday ___________ pm - , 5:00 September
2677
___________ , : - : Wednesday September 27 5 00 8 30 pm
- September 8:30 pm 27 Wednesday , 5:00 ___________
2681
- " ". Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise
enterprise the . " Ken M306 - " to Armada Lay have notebook the would likes portable first the ultra for series designed
2688
:// . . / / / . http www compaq com products notebooks index html
http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html
2689
, . , , , . Unfortunately Mr Lay will be in San Jose CA participating in a conference where he is a speaker on June 14
on , where being Lay being Mr. CA unfortunately , 14 , conference in will , participating he San June a Jose in a . speaker
2691
:??? RE
: ??? re
2693
. / : . Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed 6 14 at 5 00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club
to reception Charles Miller they held the 5:00 pm a sent you a to hosting invitation recently Wed. and at David Dewhurst being being at Club on Houston Petroleum . which 6/14
2702
. . , , . @ . . This is o k for Ken Lay but we are changing to a more uniform address so would likely be better to use kenneth lay enron com
, better to changing use would for Ken so , o.k. . kenneth.lay@enron.com to being this but uniform more we being Lay being address a likely
2706
/ - Joy Powell Executive Assistant to Richard Everett 713 871 5119
713/871-5119 Everett Powell executive to assistant Joy Richard
2713
. - Hi Mr Katsof
- Mr. hi Katsof
2718
- $. . I'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index 04
.04 pool sale and Pool at - . index Leach $ will index I take TCO at or
2719
. I can't remember if you guys could do it or not
guys if I not it you could not or can remember . doing
2722
. Sitara isn't matching the spreadsheet
. not being Sitara the spreadsheet matching
2727
. , , - W Don Germany Jr PO Box 27 Cedar Lane Texas 77415 0027
po , Cedar Jr 27 Lane Texas W. Germany Don 77415-0027 box ,
2729
, , / , , . Had 33 000 miles Ram 2500 3 4 ton 4 x 4 360 Magnum Motor
ton 4 4 Ram Magnum 360 have 4 2500 , , motor 3 miles 33,000 / , . x
2735
$ , + . I gave 16 900 tax
I . 16,900 tax $ gave +
2738
. I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry's
at having pick I over 's gray old to . Jerry up
2747
. I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad's place
folks Dad hanging of bunch there saying Gerald . with spoke a be 's I place and he around
2755
/ / . We're set for 11 01 01
being we 11/01/01 . set for
2765
/ . She will be 20 on 11 03
she 11/03 . 20 being will on
2769
@ . . Jgerma5 aol com
jgerma5@aol.com .
2784
. , . , , ( ) W Don Germany Jr 2301 N Brazosport Blvd B 3611 Investment Recovery Freeport Texas 77541 Pager 1 800 451 0491 0448 Office 979 238 2102 Home 979 548 7034
Brazosport ) 2102 Blvd 1 Don 979 238 ( B , W. 979 3611 Jr. home recovery pager , , 0491 Germany 800 451 investment 7034 2301 Texas Freeport N office 0448 77541 548
2785
? What's happening
? being happening what
2791
, ? If that's ok how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use
title that doing use , on address and I want ok you ? how if name show what being up should you the to
2792
. . 2 I'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock
I being to . stock getting 2 ready up . Dow the divy
2793
? How many of Dad's shares do you have
many you how shares of dad 's doing have ?
2794
, , . Last thing send me a million dollars I'm tired of working
send of , , thing . tired being a dollars working I lasted I million
2796
. I can't remember
I remember can not .
2806
. I can't get through on the phones
the phones . get through can not I on
2807
- - Please call me 713 853 4743
713-853-4743 I call please
2809
. I'm checking my emails
. checking emails I being my
2810
. I assume you have your anwser and don't need me
not I I having and assume need anwser you . you doing
2818
/ / : 08 01 2001 09 14 AM
09:14 08/01/2001 am
2824
. @ . / / : : Mary Ellenberger enron com on 05 03 2001 04 06 52 PM
on mary.ellenberger@enron.com 04:06:52 05/03/2001 pm
2825
. @ . Please respond to Mary Ellenberger enron com
mary.ellenberger@enron.com to please respond
2828
. . . . Jan 9 95 Feb 6 25 Mar 4 98 April 5 37
Mar Feb April 4.98 5.37 6.25 Jan 9.95
2829
@ . / / : : esimien nisource com on 05 03 2001 01 32 35 PM
on 01:32:35 pm esimien@nisource.com 05/03/2001
2834
/ / : 10 23 2000 12 12 PM
10/23/2000 12:12 pm
2836
( )? Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy or circulate to Jeff Hodge
Jeff to ( to circulate review language additional or ) policy you ? this can the management risk Hodge please
2842
. @ . m nordstrom pecorp com
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
2843
/ / : 10 20 2000 11 32 AM
am 11:32 10/20/2000
2846
. I'm still at home
still be at . home I
2847
. I'll be in tomorrow
being tomorrow I . will in
2849
, , . Otherwise we can see who we can scare up at the office or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later
the I . sign we can , will and later who Laura or can see you initial we have otherwise at scare can up , office
2857
/ / : 10 26 2000 11 07 AM
10/26/2000 am 11:07
2858
, . If Jeff is happy I'm happy
being , Jeff if being happy . I happy
2862
. . . His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L L C
probably the spirit . in that being a initial of and reaction request they reasonable l.l.c been line jointly he owned with
2863
, . However he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests
's suggest slight couple a doing . , to interests he revisions however Enron protect
2874
/ / : 10 23 2000 12 12 PM
10/23/2000 pm 12:12
2876
( )? Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy or circulate to Jeff Hodge
language risk ( this ? can Hodge to please policy to Jeff or additional you circulate management ) the review
2882
. @ . m nordstrom pecorp com
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
2883
/ / : 10 20 2000 11 32 AM
10/20/2000 11:32 am
2887
. It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it
it someone to initial for anything to it . initial and to not fax complicated it being track they who down get less does and than I know about
2889
, , . Plus I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it
not that initial plus , get comfort with I lawyer of a with Janet she having she instead it so . working a lot some may having , from dealt
2900
/ / : 10 26 2000 11 26 AM
10/26/2000 11:26 am
2901
. I'm still at home
. still being home at I
2902
. I'll be in tomorrow
I being tomorrow in . will
2904
, , . Otherwise we can see who we can scare up at the office or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later
, will at up later can initial . you can the can , see office I or otherwise sign have we we and scare Laura who
2912
/ / : 10 26 2000 11 07 AM
am 10/26/2000 11:07
2913
, . If Jeff is happy I'm happy
I happy if happy Jeff being . , being
2917
. . . His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L L C
with line l.l.c request he owned initial reaction in and the that they of reasonable . a probably spirit been being jointly
2918
, . However he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests
a he to protect 's , revisions Enron interests doing couple suggest however . slight
2928
/ / : 10 23 2000 12 12 PM
10/23/2000 pm 12:12
2930
( )? Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy or circulate to Jeff Hodge
Hodge Jeff ) ( language risk can management review please to you circulate policy additional or ? the this to
2936
. @ . m nordstrom pecorp com
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
2937
/ / : 10 20 2000 11 32 AM
am 11:32 10/20/2000
2941
. I'm working on it now
now being on . I working it
2943
: . I can meet around 10 00
can I . 10:00 around meet
2949
, , , , ( !), . It's funny because usually it's just me Mom Craig and Danelia and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef not that she would say it to me so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise
there beef it being not she elsewise Danelia roasted does being Danelia because joy mom , I roasted usually , , or would ! just not just , likes , so not and and ( funny say the turkey being . that cooking it it would I in it Craig to same being really )
2952
. It's not for the meek
not for meek being the . it
2954
( !). She had her cards memorized as well as everyone elses when you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses hands
everyone . everyone ( you why play can s as see she else ! cards have hands you as well ) when she you else memorized s know will
2955
. I expect Craig didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy
to I because want he . place mom it doing expect see not being messy Craig
2956
, . I think compared to my house he's embarrased about his apartment
being apartment , he he my about I to embarrased compared thought house .
2957
, , , . Then also he's got so much stuff in there right now that I don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff
much there geted then he being , fit stuff doing to also right so . being in going , now I baby stuff he not , know that how
2958
. They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they don't want 3 people in that small apartment
they a renewed lease small month apartment 3 lease he month in not giving they 6 he lasted peoples he only when want would . doing because that
2959
. So he's going to have to start looking for another place
start for have going to looking place being . so he another to
2961
. You'll have to come visit to check out my new house
you visit . out will my to to house come have new check
2963
, . It's got its own bathroom and tv and is pretty cozy
pretty geted , own cozy bathroom its and it tv being . being and
2964
, . As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by his voice
from as call voice being I told . the he as to not Ben if , with could goes by he far thrilled uncle I heard
2966
, , ... But I guess it's a start
, start I , a guess being it ... but
2967
. I've already made my XMAS plans
my I have planning . make already XMAS
2969
. It's good chatting with you
it being . better with chatting you
2971
. @ . Kyle Jones radianz com
kyle.jones@radianz.com
2972
/ / : 11 29 2000 05 07 PM
pm 05:07 11/29/2000
2974
, " "? I don't understand what do you mean by log in an email
email a in I meant ? " " not what log you , understand doing doing by
2976
, ( , ). Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving I can testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had I not gonna tell them that I don't want them getting swell heads
best job being done that I Ben swell not have for I getting Chris I I goning and testify heads ) one ever they doing have that , can a Thanksgiv8ing Thanksgiving of ( marvelous not dinners told , they it na . the want
2979
( ?) Your gonna be the first to see the new baby woudn't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th
botn first new not the baby see being if the on ) being gets to wierd na it ? you goning Jan 5th woud baby ( being the
2980
? Why didn't Craig show Ma his appartment
ma why he appartment ? doing show Craig not
2981
( )? What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben he was almost shocked
about ? ocnversation almost ( unlce think doing with Ben ) you you being shocked what he phone
2983
. Gotta go for now
for gotten . go now ta
2989
, : + ( ) - : + ( ) - : + ( ) - : . @ . Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York NY 10016 USA Phone 1 212 899 4425 Fax 1 212 899 4310 Cell 1 917 859 7187 Email kyle jones radianz com
( ) 212 email +1 the 212 Americas York of 7th ( 859-7187 Avenue floor phone : +1 : ( USA 917 cell kyle.jones@radianz.com ) Radianz +1 , New 10016 : 899-4425 899-4310 fax ) 1251 NY :
2991
" :// . . See our web page at http www radianz com
at we page " http://www.radianz.com web see
2995
. @ Kyle Jones ra
kyle.jones@ra
2997
: / / / : : : : Your World Series in Question document was received Kyle Jones US AMERICAS Equant by at 01 00 51 PM Today
01:00:51 being / : in : : question at World / US Equant you / documents AMERICAS received pm Jones todays by Series Kyle
3000
/ / : 11 29 2000 04 49 PM
pm 04:49 11/29/2000
3001
/ / . Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11 29 00 with GCP responses marked in Red
gcp being . with responses the for approvals gcp in signoffs red on attached 11/29/00 eol marked
3003
/ / : 11 29 2000 04 31 PM
pm 04:31 11/29/2000
3008
, , . If so I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today then bring it to you for countersignature
Craig countersignature it bring will by to it , I Breslau , signed . todays so for then get if you
3009
, ? Thinking about that what's your title
what you title thinking , about ? that being
3010
/ ... I'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w o special authority
w/o to ... not authority sign being the special having documents I you authority sure
3013
. Our concern is that we don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component
being ever any swap that a we as related component . concern a transaction doing to a trigger which not want under a loan defaults trading having we defaults
3015
/ / : 11 30 2000 10 52 AM
am 11/30/2000 10:52
3017
("" "), , , . With respect to Deutsche Bank DB we have one credit issue remaining DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement
the under , into we remaining DB likes trading structured under transactions as agreement " Deutsche one would trades potentially adds isda doing Enron a having DB to with roll the credit up ( Bank to entities the respect specified agreement loan ) could hesitant with entities and issue all under being master , to isda , defaults "" DB we this swaps we as so somewhat .
3019
, / / . With respect to First Union National Bank the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11 8 00 for review
First respect so working look to from we we 11/8/00 which being being , sending form to they Bank that Union the of review for with agreed agreement draft they old current . being to on at National
3022
/ / : 11 22 2000 06 05 AM
06:05 11/22/2000 am
3029
, , - . I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own but as long as you are only co signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we're OK
own authority I but being you authority being Taylor as not and you execute a to signing measure on we doing as control long only about authorized . Mark documents you documents spoke by co-signing officer have , a to that as signed he ok agrees , you the
3031
# , . The referenced TAGG was entered as a 'New Counterparty' can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure
' as this , I correctly counterparty entered can # assess referenced counterparty we can being know being let the what new . you the so counterparty ' tagg please exposure a
3035
. Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated
you written . keeping a updating while I to guys sorry you properly in have not
3036
. I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents
my Seoul going . and at the think being same flights time checking been I not doing to I as on exactly parents to go indeed
3038
, ( ). As for Ted things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week we are two very busy people
. at he , although ) we ( for this Ted busy being peoples well things not have seeing as still I two being all week going very
3040
, . In one sense it's great but it also makes things a lot harder to read
great harder , sense things lot to being also makes one it but in . it read a
3041
, . Anyway I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well
well told thought it and being meet to Kathy my Travis got I going sure guys anyway I mom and . , he you but
3042
, , . Hopefully if we're still dating come December you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit
if can December to when and we visit Chuck hopefully come , . , meet dating you being still you back come he
3043
. . , ( / / / - . . ). I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U T games I just have to find out when he wants to go as well as properly prepare him for the Scott Kelley Parks Wild Card gang and the full day affair that is a U T game
gang prepare the go the as Wild being games to properly on of at U.T. wanting . / out games having find as I for planning the Card he when Parks dragging a he ) least , ( Scott / Kelley and that being - affair to day I he / full well U.T. to one just
3046
, . Also I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie
I Hoot the weekend for , 's . Labor also daughters Diego Day to visit to San out being going Julie
3052
. Haven't heard from you in a while
have heard a from in . you while not
3056
, ( ), . In any case we have had some more time to do some exploring and shopping so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come
we more any in doing better to , having if ( . have to ) some some doing some about case you shopping what , and exploring have time ideas come so we
3057
( , ), . I think that we will stay in Korea when your parents come and do the whole base thing which will take only a few minutes actually but are considering going to China or somewhere during part of Thanksgiving
or you China going ( whole we Korea during that I , being take a will will of part minutes ) but thing parents and which thought when come , somewhere . the stay actually only base Thanksgiving doing few considering to in
3058
! We'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming
! coming doing if want you will still whatever being want you we
3059
. Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what's going on in Houston
lets also with we Ted the going and know with . being what in on Houston latest
3064
& ! . Send instant messages get email alerts with Yahoo Messenger
alerts email Yahoo! messages with & . get Messenger send instant
3065
:// . . / http im yahoo com
http://im.yahoo.com/
3066
( . . - , , - ) Hey Tonto a k a the trusty but silent side kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D
Tonto , the Lone but - the trusty ( - D silent Ranger a.k.a to case the hey , this kick in ) Big or side
3068
. I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY
the away saw in NY songs I being blown I some having by the it forgotten . time of first I how
3069
( ). The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers I think this could be your true calling
really the poignant most thought being pull incredibly could the I ( to to . a have having few calling numbers off cast you voices ) members this of powerful true
3070
( , ... !). I caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office yes I had to come back after the play I love my job
day Jeopardy of love run play the after I the ) third to come office job I . Corey ( yes here the 's , have my night lasted at ! caught back ... I
3071
, . Anyway I'm sure I'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl
a but , being she being anyway I sure yes girls I it very before . smart mentioned having
3072
, ( ). As a result of that she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia
on done ( thesis that playing by absolutely Pursuit . of detract from result trivia occasions managed the she on of my as enjoyment the or years she actually senior girls , watching ) having over Trivial a to I Jeopardy several obliterating
3074
- . I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you didn't spell her name right in the email I mean it's such a common spelling
spell being very you such a - she right let in the name that you spelling morning she it not know being though . I offended common I email this mean that doing should
3075
? So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match
there lasted or so just to ? doing night Darren would she match think being a they you meet making better
3076
. She's a very fun girl
. girls very she being a fun
3080
-- , ... Due to the lack of response yesterday I'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test
yesterday about worry with response to the lack of test ... success to due the -- I , beginning being you road
3081
. I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to it
that being not to to it I . doing get you going around assume
3083
/ / : 08 17 2000 10 05 AM
am 08/17/2000 10:05
3085
- : . I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11 30
11:30 the Jeopardy came on it saw other night you I but you I that I you almost to told called re-run . on a at and friend forgot
3087
. I ran into Corey last night at LWs and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren
at Darren a this into . Corey s for I thinking and been I night ran LW being girls lasted
3089
. I'll talk to you later
to talked will I . you later
3094
( , , ). Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it and as we have established I have the memory of an elephant
established failing keep , mind as you up will a I forget that of ( we though . I elephant and the memory ) you , in having it not if end let have
3095
. I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32
and just minimum will keeping discussion things a . of well 32 on to being I say that I
3096
... . Now back to what's really important you
now what back . important to really being ... you
3097
. ... . Thought you'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center it's all about you and your needs
Dixie and you about coming you being and down needs Dec. that the it street at to back from ... performing all Chicks would thought to Houston Center the being . Compaq will 12 know likes you you the just
3099
/ / : 08 16 2000 10 56 AM
08/16/2000 am 10:56
3101
. I just found out that I need to take the TX drivers exam both written and on the rode
drivers rode I on that to s take exam I written out . found the and the both needs TX just
3104
( ). I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 I better not fail it
get run moved try not I better ( . 30 the may I test fail take ) out I it to this while to and afternoon
3105
-- . How's life on 32 today well that's enough about you let's talk more about me
how about enough life lets about you being I more on well talked that 32 being 's -- todays .
3109
/ / : 07 14 2000 03 58 PM
07/14/2000 pm 03:58
3111
@ . GILBERGD sullcrom com
gilbergd@sullcrom.com
3112
/ / : 07 14 2000 02 18 PM
02:18 pm 07/14/2000
3118
- . This e mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential
e-mail being being firm may privileged and information confidential and contains this by a . sending that law
3119
, - . If you are not the intended recipient please delete the e mail and notify us immediately
not delete the , immediately notify you . please if being e-mail we the recipient intended and
3122
< . @ . > Ted Bockius Ted Bockius ivita com
Ted Bockius > < ted.bockius@ivita.com
3123
/ / : 07 17 2000 02 21 PM
02:21 pm 07/17/2000
3127
.? I think they'll send us another update once he's out of emergency and into a room
he into and emergency send they update being out once we will I room another of .? thought a
3128
.? .? Then it's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number The address is below
Ben being .? below address the being Taub to out then .? to call find real it numbers easy room a
3129
. It doesn't sound like he can receive visitors yet
visitors like can does not . yet it he receive sound
3138
: - - : - - . @ . < : . @ . < : . @ . > > Amy Cornell Compaq CPCG Marketing P 281 518 9526 F 281 518 1081 amy cornell compaq com mailto amy cornell compaq com mailto amy cornell compaq com
f > marketing > 281-518-9526 < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < Cornell : 281-518-1081 : amy.cornell@compaq.com mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com p CPCG Amy Compaq
3144
, , , : - - .? Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop Houston Texas phone number 713 793 2000
being Ben Houston Loop Taub Texas .? located 713-793-2000 phone hospital Taub numbers , , at , 1504 :
3145
, , .? He cannot accept calls visits or flowers at this time since he is in the emergency room
flowers room , being time not this emergency calls accept .? visits can , in he at or since the he
3146
- , . An update will be e mailed as soon as one is available
update available as a soon , as e-mailled being . will being one
3148
- , , - - . @ . < : . @ . < : . @ . > > Rosario Gonzales Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA 15 150301 153B09 281 514 3183 rosario gonzales compaq com mailto rosario gonzales compaq com mailto rosario gonzales compaq com
Rosario mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com 281-514-3183 administrative CCA-15 assistant < > rosario.gonzales@compaq.com Gonzales , 150301 < , > mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com 153b09 ESSG
3149
- ( ). I think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size
application I guess since near having ( a internal Travis ) file and it being copyright thought patent should the taken the ideas lawyer the - the better equivalent where he being have will notice idea the application of size being words so looked and being care better and . appropriate placed feel would provisional I on roughly who for
3150
/ / : 07 17 2000 06 15 PM
07/17/2000 06:15 pm
3152
( ). We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages like the homepage
EnronOnline pages . of thinking patent adding pending a key we like being ) messages the ( to homepage
3156
- , . I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage actually I'm sure I don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me
I told you much to not being not if - but . does have would sure being to I new report actually I , I at we having this doing sure that stage fine being anything they with
3157
/ / : 07 17 2000 04 28 PM
07/17/2000 pm 04:28
3165
/ / : 07 17 2000 02 34 PM
pm 02:34 07/17/2000
3168
. - - . They wish to launch on Sept 1 meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid August
. - being around mailings will to we mid-August sometime sending meaning they launch Sept. to 1 wish on need
3171
/ / : 07 17 2000 08 50 AM
07/17/2000 08:50 am
3175
. Leonardo Pacheco ext 39938
Leonardo 39938 Pacheco ext.
3177
( ) . I don't know where this stands officially I haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want
if know you can but Pickle not want Bob from I doing any not heard developments Amsterdam find . since I ) have I this out stands officially where (
3179
/ / : 07 18 2000 08 58 AM
am 07/18/2000 08:58
3186
: . . ( ) Days away Sept 21 through Oct 3 assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return
the back return working ( and through going ) the days we leave after 3 we work Oct. to on away day 21 Sept. : you assuming day
3188
. . - : Wed Sept 20 Leave Houston around 6 00 pm
pm 6:00 Houston 20 Wed. leaving - around Sept.
3189
. . - . . ., Thur Sept 21 Arrv London early a m transfer to flight to Nice
early to transfer , - to a.m. arrv. Thur. 21 Nice London Sept. flight
3190
- . ? Arrv Nice around noon
? noon around - arrv. Nice
3191
& ( ); rent car drive to first hotel less than 1 hour away collapse
cars rent ) to ( less away drive hotels first collapse 1 than ; & hour
3192
. . - , , ? Fri Sept 22 Stay in same hotel visit Monaco Nice
- Fri. Monaco Nice , stay visit hotels same in 22 ? , Sept.
3193
. . - . - , & , - Sat Sept 23 Drive to St Tropez through Nice Cannes other coastal towns check in mid afternoon
Sept. mid - drive Nice afternoon through other Tropez St. in - towns 23 & check - coastal , , to Cannes Sat.
3194
. . - . Sun Sept 24 St Tropez
Sept. St. Sun. Tropez - 24
3195
. . - . Mon Sept 25 St Tropez
Sept. Tropez St. - 25 Mon.
3196
. . - , , Tue Sept 26 Drive to Nice return car fly to Paris
drive cars , , returning to - Paris Tue. Sept. Nice fly to 26
3197
. . - Wed Sept 27 Paris
- Sept. Wed. 27 Paris
3198
. . - ( - ) Thur Sept 28 Paris Versailles or Fontainbleu half day side trip
Thur. 28 Fontainbleu Paris side Sept. - trip or versailles ( - ) half day
3199
. . - ( - - / ) Fri Sept 29 Paris Giverny Monet's gardens 3 4 day side trip
side Paris - - - / 3 gardens ( trip Monet 4 Sept. ) 29 's Fri. day Giverny
3200
. . - Sat Sept 30 Paris
Paris 30 Sept. Sat. -
3201
. . - - - ( . ) Sun Oct 1 Paris to London in afternoon probably by Eurostar train arrv London late afternoon
London - late Oct. ) Eurostar by Sun. 1 arrv. to in Paris - train ( probably afternoon afternoon London -
3202
. . - ( ) Mon Oct 2 London meetings for CLH
2 meetings Oct. ( Mon. for CLH ) - London
3203
. . - ( . , . : ) Tues Oct 3 Fly London to Houston lv around noon arrv around 4 30pm
London around around Houston 3 arrv. lv. Oct. - ) Tues. to noon pm 4:30 , ( fly
3205
( ). I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI based in London
you . Mark to the to London believe at I messages ) the based EI forwarded I belongs Taylor in (
3206
, ( ). Unfortunately I can't forward your message to him directly there seems to be a problem with the attachment
the can , being attachment problems not to messages . seems ) unfortunately a to you I with ( there forward he directly
3207
, " . "? If you still have it can you send it to him at Mark EI London Taylor
you it , if you it EI.London still " having to ? can send Mark " he at Taylor
3213
$, . Note that the credit thresholds are in US but the MACS are designated in British Pounds
macs but credit $ US designated that thresholds in british in being pounds the note . being , the
3218
<< : . >> File Ineos xls
>> : ineos.xls file <<
3224
. Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement
master attached final being 's Uecomm comments to the . agreement
3225
/ . . . John Suttle has OK'd Anthony's latest request w r t the CSA
the latest / r. w 's John Anthony . having ok'ded request t. Suttle csa
3227
, . If they're OK with it we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections
soon be it execute they to any , ok it would we with as unless if there being . possible as objections likes
3234
( & ). Clauses 2 3
3 2 clauses . ( & )
3239
, . . ( ) .( ) . Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford VIC 3067 Ph 03 9221 4101 Fax 03 9221 4193 Mob 0417 575 920
575 3067 mob. 4101 126 ) ph. fax. Sill , ( . 0417 03 legal counsel 03 Limited 9221 4193 Crescent Uecomm 920 ) Abbotsford ( VIC Trenerry Anthony 9221
3244
. . . . Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S A de C V
ENA and C.V further Mexicana draft Deemed ISDA Ispat de form handling . you the attached between S.A. being for
3249
. Here's info on the Elliotts
info being on . here Elliotts the
3252
" " . We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the Babies Elliott had arrived
asking have if being " if anyone . everyday we heard " having Elliott having arrived the Babies
3256
, . Hope you've been storing up sleep cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while
being not will , hope for much getting you you a being like up have sleep it storing cause while . looks
3258
, . These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad but I'm sure they'll find out soon
ones but find little will soon being a three these how I dad nicest they . such not being they , doing have to out lucky realize sure
3263
- . - Benjamin James at 12 45 pm 3 lbs 4 ozs
pm 4 oz James at 3 - 12.45 - lbs Benjamin
3264
- . - Toby William 12 46 pm 4 lbs
- Toby 4 - lbs William 12.46 pm
3265
- . - . Hannah May 12 48 pm 3 lbs 15 ozs
12.48 Hannah - 3 . - oz lbs May pm 15
3276
. . Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp likes their resolutions drafted than we are
with can be more the Corp. they Enron . familiar they way Armogida he than we I drafted been sure being Jim resolutions revising in likes perhaps as assist
3284
. : Ms Marquez
Marquez Ms. :
3289
. : Ms Marquez
Ms. : Marquez
3291
- , ( / - ; . . @ . ) . Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto Leite Senior Counsel 713 345 7942 francisco pinto leite enron com or me with any questions or comments
( questions - , contact ) Leite . senior or either Francisco ; with hesitate comments 713/345-7942 to francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com or not doing any counsel I please Pinto
3295
, . . I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing Inc for our review
Niagara Mohawk received for . Inc. , draft review this we I Marketing from
3300
, . . per our conversation yesterday afternoon attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para 13 relative to the above
proposed the of above and to 13 afternoon attached the the per schedule drafts yesterday relative we being para. conversation , .
3302
$ , . I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to 10M for each party but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly
but will respective departments been the have $ effect credit to 10 for to raise lines guaranties accordingly that , to each we m . the I to modify that told we credit existing want party
3306
- - . I can be reached at 315 460 3344
can reached 315-460-3344 being I . at
3307
, - - . Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann who can be reached at 315 460 3349
who concerns Dennis at discussed Goldmann reached credit can . 315-460-3349 , being can any being with
3320
& # , & . I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P L 's right if nothing were done the month end P L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made
the , would explained to he liquidations daily #'s make adjustments p&l somehow making being to I phone of the regards he nothing to done making in got and how with just basis end right a to day month just p&l out adjustment working on Hai because incorrect I but a also being told day . the would this being still if
3321
( )? Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis and assume everything will work out at month end
does for ) ( certain that at basis portion of working and this month making out June for on a doing ? will not and a should forward July adjustments we anything and assume end just meant everything going
3329
. I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems
at closely now problems . liquidation looking option I the being
3331
. I'll keep you posted
will . you posted keeping I
3332
- ... Karim this's likely the explanation to your other question
... the likely explanation question this - other you Karim being to
3333
( ) I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info hopefully later today
having will todays back info I to hopefully later you ( as soon get ) more as I
3334
. - , ( ) - Marcelo L Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks Houston TX 713 345 3436
it 713 Houston Networks Meira 345-3436 ) Marcelo ( L. - developer sr Enron , TX
3337
( ) ? Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative representing positive liquidation for the puts
liquidation month not liquidation positive ) all the the values being the negative a ( puts should ? for beginning from representing the of
3341
, , . I don't want to wait till month end let's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order lets take that value into June since it relates to July puts
take end for want adjust s . wait let 's 29 , till numbers to since 2nd puts order month relates let not , into it valuing now July doing June that to June the the and I
3343
& # , & . I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P L 's right if nothing were done the month end P L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made
because and out just Hai end making to the p&l adjustments basis nothing he on this right explained make still phone being would but p&l also told day month just to I got the . would with I he a in liquidations making if being being #'s incorrect of doing day regards daily the somehow to a adjustment , working how to
3344
( )? Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis and assume everything will work out at month end
assume that and doing for working June anything everything going should will a forward ? certain and portion just meant basis at month out and on making this not end July ( we does ) a for adjustments of
3352
. I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems
the being at . liquidation looking I closely now option problems
3354
. I'll keep you posted
posted will I . you keeping
3355
- ... Karim this's likely the explanation to your other question
- likely being Karim the ... other this you question to explanation
3356
( ) I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info hopefully later today
get I I info you as back will soon todays as more later to ( hopefully having )
3357
. - , ( ) - Marcelo L Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks Houston TX 713 345 3436
) L. Houston sr Marcelo Meira it TX Networks 713 345-3436 - , developer Enron (
3360
( ) ? Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative representing positive liquidation for the puts
puts the being the negative the all representing of for positive month beginning the not liquidation liquidation values from ) ( ? a should
3364
, - ! OK now that I've got your attention I really am offering free lunch
- gotten I ! have now I ok , you that lunch free been attention really offering
3365
, : - : ( ) . I would like to informally get together with you on Wednesday July 18 at 11 45 am 1 00 pm max to talk about your recruiting experience with Enron Canada
18 to 11:45 informally , - with you at likes ( talked would you am on experience about recruiting with Wednesday max 1:00 Canada . I together July ) pm Enron get to
3366
/ . We're gearing up for our 2001 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process
and we up . helped recruiting and best improved what / in 2001 you process campaign experience what being can 02 will we being gearing for works we we define thought we
3368
, : , ! However if you can wait til 2 00pm to eat go ahead and grab something and expense it
grab , to eat , if and can pm 2:00 til something and wait ahead it however go ! expense you
3369
. We'll hook you guys in by videoconference
in you hook by videoconference guys we . will
3370
# . I've booked Videoconference Room 1
have . videoconference room booked I 1 #
3374
, : . . ( : . . ). Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday July 26th at 2 00 p m 4 00 p m Toronto time
. a confirm you 2:00 and meeting associate ( kindly Thursday p.m. time for Toronto recruiting attend ) to July availability , at scheduled p.m. 4:00 analyst 26th
3379
, Lets try before Fri as I am planning to take that day off
I to lets take before been Fri as that s try off day , planning
3381
: / . I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1 00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern confusion you may have
time I Fri a 20 discuss Fagan Bob . call to confusion / on areas may conference having Calgary we any at concern with July of you propose have 1:00 pm
3388
. I've also included a redlined draft showing changes
changes included . a redlined draft have showing I also
3393
, . ( ), ? With reference to Article 5 section 5 1 b are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to TAU for next year
to alternative ? 5 , we , to ) being planned propose for years b article ( with going to reference 5.1 tau a next outage section
3396
" " < @ . > Katie Kaplan kaplan iepa com
> " Katie < " kaplan@iepa.com Kaplan
3397
/ / : 10 27 2000 06 20 PM
10/27/2000 pm 06:20
3401
$ , $ , -$ , ($ ) . We will be targeting to raise at least 100 000 so company contributions will range from 10 000 20 000 per person 10k minimum per person depending on the number of respondents
20,000 100,000 will raise will 10,000 depending ( person contributions ) company $ k to minimum $ being per targeting . $ 10 we so respondents from numbers at per of - person $ least range the on
3403
- . If you are interested in attending please e mail me as soon as possible
soon attending . interested possible please in e-mail you as being as if I
3408
( ) - Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP 916 448 9499
policy 916 of manager ( 448-9499 Kaplan IEP Katie )
3410
. Everyone is extremely pleased that you're joining
that you joining pleased . everyone being being extremely
3414
. I'll believe it when I see it
when will see I believe it . I it
3415
& . . . Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker Co right up until Nov 1
keeping to . idea Hoecker seems better right on Nov. the a Co. heat like 1 up until &
3417
- ( ) - - . I'm glad they want to follow up with Steve I've been pushing it and I've got some follow up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post call
up follow post-call well Friday chats on based . as gotten pushing in and on want they - glad being the some afternoon follow to ) I Steve being with have I it ( I with have I - up have folks
3418
. Let's regroup on Monday
's lets regroup on . Monday
3419
. I'll be in Portland but can call you
being you in will but call Portland can . I
3422
< @ . > Jeremy Meier jermeier earthlink net
Jeremy jermeier@earthlink.net > Meier <
3423
/ / : 10 29 2000 11 48 AM
am 10/29/2000 11:48
3426
. They indicated they could use Steve's help face to face at some point
could to use face Steve some 's at they point . help indicated they face
3430
, , , : , , ? Also can you confirm the correct names email addresses titles for those new folks on Friday's call Robbie Rossi Michelle Melissa Lloyd
Friday , also correct can for Rossi you names , folks those Melissa 's confirm , addresses ? Michelle , email , Robbie new on titles call the : Lloyd
3433
. Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF
SF review Cal being being Markets attached speaking talking . Thursday you the at I points for Energy draft conference in for on
3434
, , . . All comments suggestions etc are appreciated
appreciated suggestions being etc. . all comments , ,
3440
/ / : 10 31 2000 03 48 PM
pm 03:48 10/31/2000
3441
-- ! Here's the info for calling in thanks
for ! info being -- in calling here the thanks
3444
/ / : 10 31 00 02 17 PM
10/31/00 02:17 pm
3445
- / : . . : The call in number and instructions for the 11 2 8 30 a m meeting are as follows
the the follows - as 11/2 be : meeting in a.m. and call numbers for instructions 8:30
3446
- - - . Everyone will dial the toll free number 1 877 331 6867
everyone will free dial the 1-877-331-6867 toll numbers .
3447
, - . All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code which is 600 480
they outside code which all access . prompted , enter participants 600-480 being to the being will
3448
, ( ) - . Wayne your access code room 4434 after dialing the toll free number will be 857 771
dialing will Wayne you code 857-771 , room toll free ) the ( access being 4434 . after numbers
3450
. . The duration of the call is 3 5 hours
the call the . 3.5 being of duration hours
3454
- - Angie Buis EBS Tax x 37097
- EBS x-37097 Angie Buis Tax
3466
- -# - . ld2d 69366 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69366-1.doc
3467
- -# - . ld2d 69345 1 DOC
ld2d-#69345-1.doc -
3468
- -# - . ld2d 69397 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69397-1.doc
3469
- -# - . ld2d 69396 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69396-1.doc
3470
- -# - . ld2d 69377 1 XLS
ld2d-#69377-1.xls -
3471
- -# - . ld2d 69381 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69381-1.doc
3472
- -# - . ld2d 69366 1 DOC
ld2d-#69366-1.doc -
3473
- -# - . ld2d 69336 1 XLS
- ld2d-#69336-1.xls
3474
- -# - . ld2d 69334 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69334-1.doc
3475
- -# - . ld2d 69345 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69345-1.doc
3477
. . . . , - , - ( ) - - ( ) - - ( ) - - :// . . . / : @ . . : :// . . /~ E T Grether Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director Haas School of Business U C Energy Institute University of California 2539 Channing Way Berkeley CA 94720 1900 Berkeley CA 94720 5180 p 510 642 3689 p 510 642 5145 f 707 885 2508 http www ucei berkeley edu ucei Email borenste haas berkeley edu WWW http haas berkeley edu borenste
( director Way www of http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei borenste@haas.berkeley.edu professor Berkeley ( : ) : Channing policy and email of ) p business 2539 University CA f School , U.C. public Institute , ( E.T. 707-885-2508 Berkeley Business http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste ) Haas p 510-642-5145 94720-1900 CA administration Grether Energy California 94720-5180 510-642-3689 of
3478
. Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon
on being Thursday . a at of a talking will draft my a attached SF I for afternoon in CEM conference rough on points being panel
3480
, " ." Topic for panel PUC Priorities
for puc " " priorities , panel . topic
3481
( ?) ) ) - - . Goal is to politely refute Loretta Lynch's and Carl Woods' continued assertions that 1 California's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 the solution is to turn back the clock to command and control regulation
fact ) being and goal ) to deregulate 2 continued in move command ? basis 1 on Carl ideology refute solely to Loretta clock and ' based California control Woods back Lynch no ( ) and turn politely that 's 's to the solution . regulation being - to with - the assertions being
3488
. . . We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S D last week
the update for week S.D. numbers make we offer lasted we to will the to need .
3491
, . Let us know and we can add it and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end
likes changes we and this and at lets you any would we making , it adds end making other know can . to
3492
. . : . My flight gets into S D at at 8 35 on southwest
flight into southwest my S.D. at . on gets at 8:35
3495
- . Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and it's renewable focused
Sandi and renewable actually sez at it being am 10 - . happening being focused it
3497
/ / : 03 08 2000 09 45 AM
03/08/2000 09:45 am
3503
, ( - ), . Given the above if you have adequate protection for the word ENRON which covers the services that you offer on line as well as your core activities I'd say that another application for the words ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary
services having you if line being given ONLINE ) as which ( would you unnecessary - that that another , core word offer you , the ENRON words for ENRON above well protection covers the application . the on the say for I activities as adequate probably
3511
/ / : 08 03 2000 11 35
08/03/2000 11:35
3513
@ . I'm X37047
being I @ x37047 .
3515
" " , ( ) , . . I believe we are to some extent already protected with Enron proceeded with anything but EnronOnline TM etc just affords us more protection
we with etc. " already being tm EnronOnline . ) more protected affords just protection extent anything we with proceeded Enron I ( " , but , believe to some
3516
" " ? I assume this is akin to why McDonald's trademarks Mc Everything
trademarks why being to 's " everything I McDonald assume this ? akin Mc "
3518
/ / : 08 03 2000 01 50
01:50 08/03/2000
3521
. . " "? i e Are we covered if we proceed a word with Enron
Enron we with we a word i.e. " " proceed being ? covered if
3522
. .: . e g EnronEAuction
. e.g. EnronEAuction :
3531
, - : , , , , , , , , , . Per my conversation with Edmund this morning we are moving the following countries to the non approved list Austria Belgium Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Poland Portugal Romania Singapore and Slovenia
. Singapore countries and , Belgium Republic Denmark non-approved : the the Portugal following this , with to Croatia , we Poland , list moving , Romania Austria conversation Slovenia morning , per , , being my Edmund , , Czech
3534
- , ( . . . . . . ). For banks incorporated in a non approved jurisdiction it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction i e U S and U K branches
jurisdiction incorporated in , and branches it jurisdiction branch may U.S. being ) for a a i.e. located of they non-approved approved trade to out . ( for possible in a banks U.K.
3538
, / ( ), ( ) ( ). Yes we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives and or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act Alberta Securities Act British Columbia and Securities Act Ontario
Alberta , Act otc commodity should British ( ) yes with Ontario the ) qualified Securities derivatives adds Securities ( party and Securities Columbia . and or and Act of / requirements Act ) ( we contracts compliance ,
3543
/ / : 03 08 2000 05 37 PM
03/08/2000 05:37 pm
3544
/ / . Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3 8 00
for find responses credit 3/8/00 eol please . attached 's
3549
: . We've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5 00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan
April at Feagan have invitation personal . boil a Garden 5:00 received in to NYMEX the we at 3926 on crawfish at 3 a Heights
3553
, , . We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas which adds the Canadian Securities Representation so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm
so rep confirm Gas executed representation the to adds . , we we not amendment Gas by have doing have received ISDA canadian BC every the which the the to into BC , securities master adds
3554
, . BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in and this has caused much difficulties
rep , with this difficulties will the not BC the confirms much in having . sign Gas and caused
3558
, . , . We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade Inc dated March 2 2000
2 dated have executed WeatherTrade agreement the with received amendment subscription we , 2000 March . the , to Inc.
3562
, . It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on and you probably didn't see them at first
Tom panel probably they some doing , cpies referenced first appears because you see . on the button it list and the on freeze have at you not missed
3563
. I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up
doing down . clicked and until popped either on button up I not I the they
3564
, . When you have a minute I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel
and . show you unfreeze , panel I the minute a call come around I will you giving to having I a and when how will
3571
/ / : 03 09 2000 03 51 PM
pm 03:51 03/09/2000
3573
. i'm a gas trader on the west desk and one of my customers had some issues with our electronic trading agreement
with being electronic trader we one i have issues desk on a trading . gas the customers agreement my west of and some
3577
, . Torrey as promised I have attached ARCO's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreement
have ARCO online promised 's I suggested agreement trading , attached revisions . as Torrey the to Enron
3578
- . I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e commerce contracting
this thorny and satisfactory a forward of I area agreement toward new working . look to mutually contracting e-commerce in
3580
( : _ . ) See attached file ETA revision0307 doc
see eta_revision0307.doc : ( attached file )
3581
- _ . ETA revision0307 doc
- eta_revision0307.doc
3587
/ / : 03 09 2000 05 39 PM
03/09/2000 05:39 pm
3588
/ / . Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3 9 00
eol find credit attached 's 3/9/00 responses for . please
3591
. Here's the list with the missing counterparties
. list here with the counterparties missing being the
3593
/ / : 03 08 2000 05 37 PM
03/08/2000 pm 05:37
3594
/ / . Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3 8 00
attached for . find eol please 3/8/00 credit 's responses
3600
. I'll need to talk to you about his Monday
need to I talked about will Monday you . this to
3603
/ / : 03 10 2000 04 28 PM
04:28 03/10/2000 pm
3604
/ / . Please note Credit has no EOL responses for 3 10 00
having . 3/10/00 for eol please responses credit note no
3608
/ / : 04 04 2001 09 27 AM
am 04/04/2001 09:27
3614
/ / : 03 04 2001 16 29
03/04/2001 16:29
3623
The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing Traffic staff
processes key will ' staffs Enron replacing ' duplicate ultimately some Traffic ' for headcount who position control permanent the certain signoff additional existing '
3624
$ & . A reconciling difference of 15mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p l as generated on the AS400
dpr . of $ on the difference between p&l 15 mm final exists generated as400 and the a as accounting the reconciling reported
3625
& , , . We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p l as a result of data or system valuation problems within the month end reporting timeframe
potential of timeframe system result misstatements continue , problems the the p&l data will . to valuation month system within as we end investigate or reporting a in ,
3626
, & . However this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p l values with traders
being . need and , of adjusted for final however may difference following review a to this values traders with p&l system signoff
3629
- / - ( ), the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic co ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
of stock later for current stock 30th due system by business for review detail requiring valuation issues of to close co-ordination circularisation initiated forward the download a reconciliation returns to of audit data and reference the for replacing , full / system 23rd the traffic - reported full of planned ) 23rd with contracts (
3639
/ / : 21 03 2001 18 20
21/03/2001 18:20
3641
(" ") . Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility OBSF which commenced two weeks before the year end
before ( ) which sheet weeks operation the end facility . the of " commenced balance complexities " off the two surrounding years obsf
3642
. The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility late in the year end audit
of 's facility the years signoff the for by . generated the late uncertainty end audit in aa the revocation
3643
, , . The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting code arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF
' obsf of discovery compounded ' release of the from the , the code operational of the functionality a as400 supporting of burden arising bugs the , numbers . Merchanting which obsf within designed
3644
( ). The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays and AA
the the ( operational with aa of requirement ) amend code as result process the of the and a obsf . it current renegotiation and obsf Barclays to
3669
. : Dr Harris
: Harris Dr.
3672
, , , , , . . I understand how competitive the process has become but I felt that with my work experiences recommendations personality extracurricular activities etc that this would compensate for my disability
etc. . for , with the become this activities competitive how compensate , my that that feel but recommendations would personality disability having I , I process experiences understand , , my work extracurricular
3718
, & . Sorry about that I was working on the Teco O M costs
that , . working the on Teco I O&M sorry about were costs
3726
$/ ? Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to MWh to value the deal
I the value you please to to fuel current that $ being deal ? send curve converting mwh / the
3727
- - ( )? What volatilities are you using to value the options monthly volatilities or intra day volatilities or a blend of the two if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols
please blend if what of vols what formula to ? you using being volatilities using the or blend volatilities the two blend ) options volatilities two to value ( a I monthly - intra-day show or the you
3728
, . .: , ? What expiration date are you using i e for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month and for daily options
the date for the expiration month for using ? of and you relevant daily options 15th i.e. options : call , monthly being what ,
3732
$/ ? Are you using the MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike
strike / ? using you mwh being the $ dollar amount as vom you
3734
& . This stream should be covering both P I and not just principal
should not this . being both covering and just stream p&i principal
3737
, , , % : ( ) ; ( ) . Furthermore I would like to reiterate that RAC's goal prior to quoting any credit reserve is to be 100 confident that i the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups and ii the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches
credit that confident ) reiterate management to reserve that prior , ( % ( being to furthermore to of price likes ii goal . i methodology inherent I that 100 among would : the , , being risk the the 's contracts being quoting matches rac ; groups being ) valuing internal and being employed consistent the any
3742
( ) " " . Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement which I am sending to you separately with ECS obligates ECS to work in good faith with CDEC to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system
alerted ECS on peak automatically CDEC with would I to which the better loading have that 's Gallup Services conditions been in to with system article 6 ECS establish " we Compression of " sending to CDEC . automated you working ) obligates agreement a to separately system faith (
3744
$ " " . We will fight with them about who owes the 200k that James mentions below based on their failure to assist us in managing the cost
below cost we with we 200 they owes assist they about that will " . managing k based who failure to mentions James " fight on the the $ in
3748
-- -- . . James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement I guess between ECS and Transwestern that would permit ECS to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info from CDEC
between to and details how ECS . would permit -- ECS up communicate that confidentiality on James heard the key -- we the being of CDEC I guess one access teh agreement info. hold absence from to having that Transwestern a to
3749
, , . That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS but it that's what they are saying let me know and we can figure out a solution
out know and that sounds a solution we if saying a ECS being lets that like . figure what , they excuse being can bs , I from but
3753
/ / : 12 14 2000 02 49 PM
12/14/2000 pm 02:49
3755
. My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak load periods
a been we 's that periods to means CDEC access profile making a my the avoid . running during ECS load peak 's order compressor decision to for to in been CDEC understanding provide online to
3756
$ , . . We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of 200 987 33 for the period of July through September
. in period of to so which of received resulted have we not access July additional through September $ far for electric the this 200,987.33 having information cost
3758
$ , . This cost is averaging 79 000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September
August to have . this if continue in 79,000 we averaging being per and as $ cost run September we the compressor month
3759
, . Good point but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points
all we covered we bidding being point but being of . bidders comfortable because a points primary being better I capacity and , chunk on
3760
( ) , . They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights its in the tariff and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates they could have done so
that done have submit the and they and a wanted have to different could being being that being bid have primaries if for they alternates they tariff to rate on so it ) notice deemed . they ( point in alternate rights , a
3768
/ / : 01 11 2001 02 42 PM
01/11/2001 pm 02:42
3769
. After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done
the have that propose . redlined 4 the added agreement being the negotiated other groups that Dynegy done we rate after discussions agreements language commercial attached to with and to I
3775
. One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I've listed
in just two then I questions agenda listed and thought as have . one first have the couple to topics as with lead being a the
3785
( ). Please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon I will be out of the office Monday
( Monday any it I afternoon or if on please I comments and the know out being of office ) you lets will before . review having Tuesday
3790
/ / : 01 12 2001 10 34 AM
10:34 01/12/2001 am
3791
: . Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc to me
Susan approve to and cc reported a attached please . : accounting I forward 's with expense to
3796
/ / : 01 12 2001 04 37 PM
pm 04:37 01/12/2001
3800
/ / : 01 12 2001 10 34 AM
01/12/2001 10:34 am
3801
: . Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc to me
I 's please forward and Susan to attached to approve expense . a cc with accounting reported :
3804
( , ). Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair she only wanted one however
same she however years request wanted she and the gave Huber make the only . we lasted one Lee ) chair , (
3807
/ / : 01 12 2001 01 14 PM
01/12/2001 pm 01:14
3811
$ . . The cost is 567 77 per chair plus tax
being plus . $ the tax 567.77 per cost chair
3816
/ / : 01 13 2001 09 45 AM
am 09:45 01/13/2001
3818
( , ). Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair she only wanted one however
, request one ) we years the wanted she chair gave . only Huber she the same Lee ( lasted however make and
3821
/ / : 01 12 2001 01 14 PM
01/12/2001 01:14 pm
3825
$ . . The cost is 567 77 per chair plus tax
tax per 567.77 plus chair $ the . being cost
3828
. I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted
a believe 6 Sommer MKM to producers Jan you intercepted dated 's the . I letter that of copy John spies got
3830
, , . Dari and I vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer's duplicity but after tempers cooled MKM and I decided not to send it to Stan or urge him to send a written response
aggravation the and . urge of to it Stan I decided but a to send to Gibson send , , to attached 's response vented complaining and after cooled he by not letter Dari and tempers we Kyle duplicity drafting Sommer or I written MKM
3832
. Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation
how . as up being this time Kyle letter orally next with situation the not the phonne of or he may handle on bring also to Gibson Stan a example
3835
. Can't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip
on catch not can . 14721 you next I time keep trip but this you posted
3846
( . . .) Please visit our newly updated website www caem org for more information on the DISCO Forum
website on Forum we newly please DISCO visit . www.caem.org the updating ( ) information for more
3854
, . . . . . If you have any questions or require any assistance at all please contact Hope Duncan at 202 739 0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703 729 2710
please Mangold all Hope at . or , at assistance any you or contact Duncan 703.729.2710 any if Jeff having 202.739.0134 require at questions
3857
: . . . . . : . . : :// . . / / . Grand Hyatt Hotel 1000 H Street NW Washington DC 20001 Phone 202 582 1234 or 1 800 233 1234 Fax 202 637 4781 Website http washington hyatt com wasgh index html
DC website 202.582.1234 : or fax 202.637.4781 : 1.800.233.1234 : Street NW http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html 20001 Hyatt H Grand phone 1000 Washington Hotel
3858
, : . . . . . : . . : :// . . / _ / . Wyndham Washington DC 1400 M Street NW Washington DC 20005 Phone 202 429 1700 or 1 877 999 3223 Fax 202 785 0786 Website http www wyndham com Washington DC default cfm
DC or 1.877.999.3223 Wyndham NW phone 1400 Street 20005 Washington M http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm Washington : , 202.785.0786 : : DC 202.429.1700 fax website
3863
/ / : 07 19 2001 03 31 PM
pm 03:31 07/19/2001
3866
, . Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes' cost center etc
Steffes . ' being Linda charged center they to saying should cost , Jim Robertson etc
3871
, , - - - - ( ) : . @ . Lora Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street NW Suite 800 Washington DC 20006 202 466 9142 202 828 3372 fax email lora sullivan enron com
fax , Eye Enron 800 202-828-3372 lora.sullivan@enron.com email DC Lora NW suite 1775 202-466-9142 , government : affairs ) federal Street Sullivan 20006 representative Washington (
3872
< ( )> Embedded Picture Device Independent Bitmap
< independent ) embedded > ( bitmap pictures device
3873
. I'm in all week
. being week in I all
3881
- , . << : , . >> BRENNER URSULA J doc File BRENNER URSULA J doc
<< j.doc file , BRENNER : - BRENNER URSULA j.doc , URSULA >>
3883
( : ) ? Can we have a meeting this week maybe Thursday at 3 30 to discuss this
can ( a 3:30 week ? this meeting discuss maybe at to ) we this have Thursday
3891
. Those who show up with complaints but cannot point to specifics are virtually ignored
ignored . virtually those not point specifics but show who complaints being to up can with
3892
, , , . . Those who show up and complain but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls board meetings etc are ignored
ignored but not board show , groups in the phone working those participating etc. , being being Ercot daily and up the . who calls complain meetings , and
3896
( . ., , .) Even though he has bigger things to do in D C this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas the repercussions could be global
this to could things that doing he in in ) bigger he recognizes Texas being not ( deregulation global being having and does . he the even working , legacy if repercussions D.C. though ,
3901
. Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot's Sam Jones and Tom Noel
currently those as Tom listed PUCT commissioners Ercot being and Sam . and invitees 's Jones Noel
3903
. , . Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt Governor there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions
difficult , that open Lt. Sibley candidate a to now not Governor some being freedom being ask for . up there and questions more
3905
: . . I will be on a plane to Houston at 8 00 a m
being 8:00 plane I Houston to a . on will at a.m
3907
: : . Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9 30 until 3 00
Thane Ercot meeting until a Friday in 9:30 prs 3:00 from . being
3908
... ? I am available after Rick's Friday budget meeting are you available then
available being after been Friday you ? budget ... then meeting Rick 's available I
3916
. Let's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference
that to a solutions support difference lets . will get making real they constructive 's
3919
. I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting
been 8 Friday free budget at meeting on . 's I before am Rick
3925
, , . . We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order filing etc with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information
likes , who information analysis of with we envision that source for those a filing documents and as would , provide format a link brief to more the a summary well etc. the . order would detailed
3931
/ / : 04 30 2001 02 28 PM
02:28 pm 04/30/2001
3939
< @ . > / / : : Peter Percell percell swbell net on 04 30 2001 11 16 58 AM
< am Percell 11:16:58 percell@swbell.net Peter 04/30/2001 > on
3951
@ . , - ( ) - & Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell swbell net Houston TX 77042 2016 713 532 3836 voice fax
, TX voice Drive & fax 713 ) 10030 Houston ( 532-3836 Doliver Peter percell@swbell.net Percell 77042-2016
3952
. Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well
I doing read I it well not guess sorry . very
3953
. It's ok with me
. ok being I with it
3956
/ / : 04 30 2001 12 42 PM
12:42 pm 04/30/2001
3962
/ / : 04 30 2001 12 35 PM
12:35 04/30/2001 pm
3964
/ / : 04 30 2001 09 24 AM
am 09:24 04/30/2001
3972
_ % @ . / / : : Danny Jones ENRON eott com on 04 30 2001 01 39 56 PM
pm 01:39:56 on danny_jones%enron@eott.com 04/30/2001
3973
. , Dear Mr Horton
Horton Mr. dear ,
3979
- - @ . Danny Jones 281 443 3744 smithjones ev1 net
281-443-3744 Danny smithjones@ev1.net Jones
3981
_ % @ . / / : : Danny Jones ENRON eott com on 04 30 2001 01 39 56 PM
danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 01:39:56 04/30/2001 pm
3982
. , Dear Mr Horton
, Horton dear Mr.
3988
- - @ . Danny Jones 281 443 3744 smithjones ev1 net
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
3991
/ / : 05 01 2001 03 48 PM
05/01/2001 03:48 pm
3998
, , ( ) . This is to advise you that we have available for your business or personal use Stan's four 4 WNBA Comets tickets
to having for four personal you you Stan ) use 's we , that . being Comets tickets business ( available this WNBA 4 , or advise
4003
: , @ : . Preseason Game A Saturday May 12 7 30PM vs Miami SOL
a : , Miami 7:30 games @ pm preseason vs. Saturday May 12 SOL
4004
: , @ : . Preseason Game B Thursday May 24 7 30PM vs Detroit SHOCK
b games : , @ May pm 24 Detroit Thursday SHOCK vs. 7:30 preseason
4005
: , @ : . Game 1 Monday May 28 2 00PM vs Los Angeles SPARKS
pm 28 vs. 1 SPARKS games @ : Monday , 2:00 May Los Angeles
4006
: , @ : . Game 3 Monday June 11 7 00PM vs Los Angeles SPARKS
vs. 11 Los Monday SPARKS : games June @ pm 7:00 Angeles , 3
4007
: , @ : . Game 4 Thursday June 14 7 30PM vs Portland FIRE
June games @ : 7:30 Portland , Thursday vs. 4 14 FIRE pm
4008
: , @ : . Game 5 Sunday June 17 1 00PM vs Utah STARZZ
games June @ Sunday Utah pm : , 17 STARZZ 1:00 vs. 5
4009
: , @ : . Game 6 Tuesday June 19 7 30PM vs Washington MYSTICS
June vs. pm 6 , Tuesday : Washington games MYSTICS @ 19 7:30
4010
: , @ : . Game 7 Saturday June 23 3 00PM vs Sacramento MONARCHS
pm 23 : @ June games Saturday Sacramento , 7 MONARCHS vs. 3:00
4011
: , @ : . Game 8 Monday July 2 7 30PM vs Portland FIRE
2 July games 7:30 vs. 8 FIRE @ pm , Monday : Portland
4012
: , @ : . Game 9 Friday July 6 7 30PM vs Indiana FEVER
@ : 6 July games , pm vs. 7:30 Friday FEVER 9 Indiana
4013
: , @ : . Game 10 Sunday July 8 1 00PM vs Cleveland ROCKERS
games pm vs. , 8 July 1:00 10 : ROCKERS Sunday Cleveland @
4014
: , @ : . Game 11 Tuesday July 24 7 30PM vs Utah STARZZ
STARZZ , 24 games Utah Tuesday vs. July 7:30 11 pm @ :
4015
: , @ : . Game 12 Saturday July 28 12 30PM vs New York LIBERTY
York 12:30 New games July pm 28 , : Saturday LIBERTY @ 12 vs.
4016
: , @ : . Game 13 Monday July 30 7 30PM vs Seattle STORM
games July Monday pm 13 7:30 STORM : Seattle @ , 30 vs.
4017
: , @ : . Game 14 Friday August 3 7 30PM vs Orlando MIRACLE
@ games Friday 7:30 , 14 3 Orlando pm : vs. MIRACLE August
4018
: , @ : . Game 15 Monday August 6 7 00PM vs Phoenix MERCURY
Phoenix 7:00 Monday @ pm August : , vs. MERCURY 6 games 15
4019
: , @ : . Game 16 Monday August 13 7 30PM vs Minnesota LYNX
games @ August , 16 7:30 LYNX Minnesota Monday 13 vs. : pm
4022
/ - Cindy 713 853 6197
713/853-6197 Cindy
4026
. @ . / / : : Stephen Dyer bakerbotts com on 05 01 2001 08 50 01 PM
stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com pm 08:50:01 on 05/01/2001
4028
( , ). Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I had thought there's a lot going on here as you'll see soon
will being lot I going on , longer ) and than to a I took there Adam 's first drafts little thought revise a here review see . you having ( as soon
4030
, . Since Debbie is a client too I think I'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise
you being , I unless a mail home to too I prefer otherwise they just . will thought Debbie since you client
4037
/ / : 05 02 2001 12 03 PM
pm 05/02/2001 12:03
4040
: : . . ( ) Time 11 00 a m CDT
: CDT ) a.m. ( 11:00 time
4043
: & . Conf call AT T lines have been reserved
have call . lines reserved : AT&T being conf
4044
( / - ) ( / - ) - . Please contact Sherri Sera 713 853 5984 or Bill Dorsey 713 646 6505 for the weekly dial in number and passcode
Bill numbers ( Sherri the passcode 713/646-6505 for Dorsey in ) ( . - or dial ) weekly please and Sera 713/853-5984 contact
4051
- : . ., , Please return this e mail to me with your response by 12 00 p m Friday May 4th
by return with 12:00 to , 4th this p.m. Friday e-mail I you May , please response
4068
/ / : 03 21 2001 01 58 PM
pm 03/21/2001 01:58
4070
. _ : Attn GCP London
: GCP_London attn.
4071
. There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK
. being listed EOL new the a counterparty in there UK
4074
- _ Samuel x3 9890 ENW GCP
ENW_GCP x3-9890 Samuel
4079
/ / : 04 16 2001 04 52 PM
04:52 04/16/2001 pm
4080
: . . Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11 00 p m
after please approve p.m following Datamanager . types 11:00 the in product
4083
: Website Short Description of Product Type US HR StlPlt Phy
US description product short plt stl website of phy types hr :
4086
( ) ( ). The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date or start date to the Termination Date or end date
transaction effective the being to term date end ) termination date ( or date or ) date from of start the the shall ( . the
4089
( ): Product Additional Information example
example ) : additional ( information product
4091
. . . , . The transaction is F O B Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago Ill Metro Area
, Terminal Ill area Chicago in . metro Reserve being F.O.B. the transaction Marine
4092
. . . : , , , . F O B refers to the following terms Seller is responsible for freight unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse Buyer is responsible for storage loading and freight after delivery
unloading responsible after loading to , responsible F.O.B. and storage for warehouse and following being the being including , up freight : delivery freight to refers in storage seller . and delivery for terms , buyer
4093
( % ). The Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline 5 greater or lesser allowance at Seller's option
% submitted ( shall seller 's by via EnronOnline the ) allowance contracts at counterparty being quantity greater option or lesser 5 quantity .
4110
"+" click on the for EnronOnLine
" click + the on " EnronOnLine for
4111
"+" click on the for Product Types
types the for click " on + product "
4112
"+" " " ( " ") click on the for Awaiting Approval OR Partially Approved
( or " awaiting " partially on approved click " ) " " for + the " approval
4113
- select the product requiring review as stated in e mail above
requiring e-mail select review product above the as stated in
4118
/ / : 04 16 2001 05 51 PM
pm 05:51 04/16/2001
4119
, " ". We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include a division of Cargill Incorporated
, of the division informed Tana to change that we a make global Incorporated counterparty " include in Cargill . we "
4123
, . If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct it looks to me like something needs to be changed
something being being I the procedure to gcp like it correct needs description if below to , of Sam 's changes looks .
4124
. The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty
counterparty system counterparty . in fact from that confirmation global lies difficulty the name the the 's the reads
4127
. That is the source of Tana's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system
of the entering the concern . of source correct Tana being that divisions 's system regarding in the
4133
/ / : 04 16 2001 03 11 PM
03:11 pm 04/16/2001
4135
/ / : 03 28 2001 01 09 PM
01:09 03/28/2001 pm
4137
, . Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a Division of Cargill Inc
International the of global in correctly system , division as counterparty set being Inc Ferrous Cargill up . Cargill a
4141
- ( ) _ Samuel x3 9890 GCP Enron Net Works Global Data Management
x3-9890 global Works management Net ) _ Enron ( data Samuel gcp
4145
( , .) Although we have broken that rule for Legal in the past
) the in that rule past legal broken ( , for have . although we
4161
/ / : 03 21 2001 01 58 PM
03/21/2001 pm 01:58
4163
. _ : Attn GCP London
: GCP_London attn.
4164
. There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK
the UK in EOL there new listed counterparty a being .
4167
- _ Samuel x3 9890 ENW GCP
ENW_GCP x3-9890 Samuel
4170
. I'll be in town through Sunday morning
morning . I town Sunday through in being will
4173
-- . I'm handling the afternoon I think that Harry has this morning
-- thought this I Harry having I morning handling being that afternoon the .
4185
. . - ( ) - ( ) - Kriste K Sullivan Enron Corp Legal EB 4861 713 853 7557 Phone 713 646 5847 Fax
713 fax 713 ) ( 4861 646-5847 EB ) 853-7557 Corp. Sullivan phone Enron Kriste ( K. legal -
4187
: ? I assume this is 12 30 Central Time
being this I Central Time assume ? 12:30
4188
: , , : - : ( - : ) ( & ); . When Wednesday September 19 2001 10 30 AM 11 30 AM GMT 08 00 Pacific Time US Canada Tijuana
Wednesday ) : when GMT 19 Canada ) , am ( 10:30 - ( , Time ; 11:30 . 2001 US - & September am Tijuana 08:00 Pacific
4189
: . Where Conf Call
where conf. : call
4191
: - : 10 30 11 30 PST
PST 11:30 10:30 -
4192
- #: / - Call in 800 711 8000
call in - 800/711-8000 : #
4194
. Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement
Bob Henderson the agreement overview 's . here employment of being
4198
. Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written
whether . please being send he what Cash written being Michelle email ok response a you with I and about
4207
( -- - ). Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter use Bridgeline example with and without non compete
( Lund use please and corporate we send without non-compete example standard . Bridgeline -- ) and copies the David of letter agreement assignment standard with services
4209
, . We're formatting one this week and we'll send it when it's done
done being it we we formatting . one , will being this when send week and it
4214
<< : - - . >> << : - . >> File 220b dg Agreement for Recruiting Services doc File 220a DG Agreement for Contract Services DOC
- dg services.doc : for for - >> services.doc 220b << agreement dg 220a recruiting : << contract agreement >> - file file
4219
, . I agree also but I don't know all the parties or complications involved
know or I involved also all agree . complications I , parties the not but doing
4223
, ( - ). We have GIS ids and Eid external id just like GIS id
( gis just , id and gis we external eid having . ids ) like - id
4229
. I'd like to work with you on a response to this customer
response to to you customer . I likes this working a with would on
4232
. . . & :// . . / Brandee Sanborn I S C Customer Care Design Process Support http isc enron com site
design Sanborn i.s.c. care process support customer & http://isc.enron.com/site Brandee
4234
@ _ Ngoc Luan Do ENRON DEVELOPMENT
do@enron_development luan ngoc
4235
/ / : 08 07 2001 12 36 PM
12:36 08/07/2001 pm
4240
( ) , ? Since Enron's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers P number and an HR number could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers
instead ? as ids , company since ss employees being of and numbers ( a assigned numbers identification the these numbers Enron ) use Enron a a numbers hr could sap 's p
4243
, - ( - ). I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron especially when some databases are from third parties out sourcing
( especially parties - sourcing . out third all at some feel not databases see Enron ) I many secure my so doing being from , in at databases to ss - when
4251
, . - . ( ). Thursday 23rd August 3 30 pm 5 30 pm EB46C1
( pm August 5.30 3.30 46c1 - . EB Thursday 23rd pm ) ,
4277
. Let's talk tomorrow
talked lets . tomorrow 's
4291
-- , . Let's discuss exactly what is involved here confidentiality etc
lets involved what confidentiality discuss etc here -- being , exactly 's .
4299
: ; ( , , , ) Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on Enron's Affirmative Action Policy and plans as well as demographic analysis of workforce gender age ethnic origin nationality
of information , analysis gather demographic as a affirmative gender you Kathy on policy in : nationality action ; ( and to contact as workforce Enron origin I ) McMahon that planning ethnic suggested age , 's , effort well
4300
( ) - . Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School HBS on a 5 year case study called 'Modern Giants'
on ( ' having agreed to - ) Harvard working case with a Business Skilling called . 5 years modern ' Giants HBS Jeff School study
4323
, . . I have been advised by our Construction Manager Mr Joe Osler that while he was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site
we we Lake status while of requirements regarding have . construction , the advised being Osler and Building manager permit by dept pipefitters learned Planning site Joe Zoning picket he Worth Mr. the being visiting to have I about City we that inquired that permit he
4330
. ( ) , : - - : - - : - - : < : @ . > : . @ . Galen J Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation NEPCO 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell WA 98011 USA Tel 425 415 3052 Cell 425 922 0475 Fax 425 415 3098 email mailto galent nepco com mailto galen torneby nepco com
< North 425-415-3098 Energy J. National mailto:galent@nepco.com Galen cell 11831 Creek manager : 98011 > ( tel ) North Torneby USA fax NEPCO : Parkway Bothell : 425-415-3052 email project : Corporation WA 425-922-0475 Production , mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
4331
/ / : 09 16 99 10 07 AM
am 10:07 09/16/99
4341
/ / : 09 16 99 08 55 AM
08:55 am 09/16/99
4348
, . In BA I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers
I in . Marval with , will BA meeting lawyers being
4355
/ / : 09 16 99 10 16 AM
09/16/99 am 10:16
4356
, . , ( ) ( ) ? How about Friday Sept 17 at 9 am Houston time which is 11 am Sao Paulo time
how at 9 11 Friday am 17 , ( am which Sao about , being ) ? Houston ) Paulo time time ( Sept.
4364
- - . Em enro2 doc
em-enro2.doc -
4368
/ / : 09 15 99 04 41 PM
09/15/99 04:41 pm
4370
. If something happens that I'm not able to participate I'll let you know
happens you let not something . participate to I able I if being know will that
4372
/ / : 09 15 99 08 15 PM
09/15/99 pm 08:15
4373
( ) ( ). This call has been changed to 3 pm Houston time which is 5 pm Sao Paulo time
time which Sao 3 having time being call 5 ) being ) ( ( this changes to . pm Houston Paulo pm
4379
/ / : 05 17 99 01 47 PM
pm 05/17/99 01:47
4383
/ / : 05 17 99 11 23 AM
11:23 am 05/17/99
4391
- . I e mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response
I have assistant and you e-mailed response morning . no earlier have this
4392
( ) ( ) , . ? Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am Houston which is 11 am Sao Paulo on Friday Sept 17
Sao ? being phone ( the can , Sept. am ) Friday which 17 reschedule Paulo Houston am 11 on ) for 9 call ( we
4401
. It's a good starting point
point better . it starting a being
4405
. I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for
to what you being as exactly being certain I for not . looking
4407
. One thing that doesn't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue
the attachment show that one up swap in the . issue eligibility not does thing being
4411
/ / : 09 03 99 01 57 PM
09/03/99 01:57 pm
4416
- / . It looks like the 2 day L C issue is an issue
a issue like 2 . looks l/c - it issue the day being
4417
. I'll call you shortly
. you shortly will I call
4420
. Hope you'll have time to review it today
time todays it have review to hope you . will
4421
& / . S S has again asked about the gtee and l c wording
asked the about again wording l/c having . and s&s gtee
4423
( ) / ( / ). Joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed I believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5 and the new l c wording drops the 2 day period to replace an l c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay
revised the a wording 5 first to from day a l/c having drops reduce being to wording down with you ) bank fax gtee replace agreeing ( l/c the Joe the to . that the ) new being believe I different if to period agreed it 2 refuses that we claim period asked paying 15 and days ( the
4424
, , / . I know we talked about these issues earlier but Tiger's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l c
talked but earlier , issued issues the want everything , l/c we knew for and these lawyers Tiger being so gtee signing if can docs 's get final about one' agreed even . being issues now to in the writing we I
4433
, , , . I'm fine in Texas still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe working hard etc
. hanging and etc Phoebe working fine , Chloe in , still being out Texas , with I hard
4435
. .? ? N O Atlanta
N.O. Atlanta ? ?
4438
. ? St Petersburg
? St. Petersburg
4440
! I've simply lost track
losed track have I simply !
4441
, , , , ( - - ), , . As for me well I lead the simple life own a little house in West University own a little car I had to buy a new one recently the 14 year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit you know the usual
years - one scaring I started little , the bit 380 life as , house simple the a new knew I a , a the usual buy a ( . ) for cars own well own little University have SE , I to in recently - , you I West , lead 14 old
4445
? How's your family
family you how ? being
4447
. This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business
Sao on off Buenos business Paulo this and being to . weekend Aires I
4449
@ . / / : : SamChawk aol com on 09 11 99 07 48 44 PM
09/11/99 on pm samchawk@aol.com 07:48:44
4458
. I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow
Paulo on the I . being in being will I leaving Sao office but for Saturday tomorrow
4462
( .....) ( ) [ ], , , [ ] . if iii definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of the project to be owned by Party B including but not limited to the senior debt facility commitments and all project documents have been fully negotiated and executed and the project has been brought to financial close
commitments not and debt to have party the but in project limited the negotiated aspects the , executed all by other [ being its , [ ] project if and ) close being financial , owned regarding . documents the ..... fully ( being b all senior and debt acceptable and having ] to a project definitive to of iii ) discretion facility brought agreements party to ( sole including
4465
/ / : 09 17 99 04 50 AM
04:50 am 09/17/99
4472
/ / : 09 16 99 09 48 PM
09:48 09/16/99 pm
4476
. I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow
but I on being being leaving will Saturday Sao in I . office tomorrow Paulo the for
4484
< @ . > JMB JBennett GMSSR com
JMB > < jbennett@gmssr.com
4485
/ / : 12 22 2000 06 28 PM
pm 12/22/2000 06:28
4486
, / / . Parties attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12 27 and 12 28
12/27 12/28 and that the ruling parties hearings , procedural attached the guidance provides promised being for on .
4490
<< % !. >> 1 P701 doc
<< >> 1%p701!.doc
4491
, . Note that this communication is confidential covered by CA's settlement rules
settlement confidential . that being by note 's communication rules this CA covered ,
4492
" , ( )" < @ . > Lindh Frank Law FRL3 pge com
> " Frank ( Law < ) " , Lindh frl3@pge.com
4493
/ / : 12 21 2000 07 50 PM
07:50 pm 12/21/2000
4496
& ( ) . Attached is PG E's Gas Accord II GA II Settlement Proposal
gas 's proposal ( settlement . PG&E accord attached ii ga ii ) being
4501
* . / , - . * Offers a 7 5 cent dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC approved charges
customers minimizing seek cent to charges * CPUC to a customers - dth other . the local 7.5 incentive rate bypass and to changes while offers minimizing transmission to approved / , * customers for these other rate charges larger
4502
* , ( - ). * Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period 2003 2007
and , 2007 needed the of these guidelines guidelines and * ii . improve to to commodity helped meet reliability course ) prices gas ga moderate markets in ( capital the * adopts 2003 identifies the period projects over -
4503
* , . % . Provides a high degree of rate stability with a 3 5 escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects
of a capture cost * , to % rate capital escalator inflation stability provides both a 3.5 projects high needed of the and . degree with
4508
& ( ) , - - . PG E also anticipates that the Core Procurement Incentive Mechanism CPIM will be similar to today's mechanism but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1 day in 10 year cold weather event
todays capacity needed day but PG&E mechanism to demand incentive mechanism meet core and to in cold also will . - the core will similar larger in holdings ( a - that being weather anticipates years meet reflect 1 somewhat event procurement cpim 10 's the , anticipated increases to )
4509
- & , . This also will serve as a reminder that an all Party meeting is scheduled at PG E's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11 to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions
to a party all in discuss 11 on this reminder PG&E 's . you to being Francisco meeting to will 10 proposal and also San , and January a as headquarters serve that respond scheduled questions at - this
4516
( ) - ( ) - Frank Lindh Ray Williams 415 973 2776 415 973 3634
Lindh 415 415 ( Frank 973-3634 ) Ray ( ) Williams 973-2776
4517
<< & - - . >> << . >> << & - - . >> PG E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12 20 00 doc Proposed Gas Rule 27 doc COS Rates Workpapers for GA II 12 20 2000 Proposal xls
12-20-00.doc ii pg&e << >> << rule ii proposal proposal.xls 12-20-2000 << & cos workpapers for proposed 27.doc >> accord >> settlement ga rates gas gas
4519
. This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th
commission Corp inform Enron and to of of planning scheduled to being 's 28th stabilization . the on likes at hearings December address issue the would commission a the this that for representative utility 27th rate
4523
. Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings
. being commission hearings points talking 's the a for attached draft the of
4528
, ( . . ), ( . . ), ( . . ). Comments can be forwarded to me via email pager 888 916 7184 voicemail 415 782 7822 or home 415 621 8317
being , to home or ( ( via ) 415.782.7822 I 415.621.8317 can , forwarded pager ) voicemail email comments , 888.916.7184 ) ( .
4529
( ). We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call 10 AM CST
call will ) ( am . messages 10 daily finalize the we points 's tomorrow CST on
4530
. . . The call in number is 800 713 8600
numbers in . being 800.713.8600 call the
4532
( ). The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM PST
the am begin 10 ( 's tomorrow . commission at ) hearings PST
4535
/ / : 12 26 2000 03 15 PM
pm 12/26/2000 03:15
4536
. Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings
for points attached of commission 's a the hearings . draft being the talking
4541
, ( . . ), ( . . ), ( . . ). Comments can be forwarded to me via email pager 888 916 7184 voicemail 415 782 7822 or home 415 621 8317
) ( ) being can to , via . 415.621.8317 home email ) ( forwarded voicemail , or , comments 888.916.7184 I ( pager 415.782.7822
4542
( ). We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call 10 AM CST
am points CST tomorrow 10 call ) 's will daily messages . on ( the we finalize
4543
. . . The call in number is 800 713 8600
800.713.8600 the . in numbers being call
4545
( ). The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM PST
at ) am . the ( 's commission tomorrow PST hearings begin 10
4548
. That's a very good point
. very that better a point being
4549
. I'll make the change
. will I change the making
4553
/ / : 12 26 2000 03 33 PM
12/26/2000 pm 03:33
4555
- %, " " - , . instead of suggesting a specific rate increase 10 or 15 I think we should acknowledge that a modest increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings not just determined by whim
suggesting but modest being that thought in evidence a and a of " fact desirable and well % not necessary be by thought - rate may increase amount increase - may should instead or that to out the , . hearings 15 specific we " 10 reasoned just , of I whim should being specific subject increase and acknowledge determined
4558
. We're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months
months we being we strategy of take few to the through process in . the a developing next
4561
" ." The administration is hell bent on finding a fall guy
a " fall bent . finding hell guy being " on the administration
4563
" ." His press release following the hearing renewed the call for refunds
the release for following renewed . " call hearing " the press refunds he
4565
. And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme
Carl extreme being Wood remarks and 's .
4570
. Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit
that culprit participant it the as the emphatically of structure . 's California single Wolak market to a single somewhat makes out impossible nature saying
4571
- , . He also stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self interest responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure
to self structure embedded being . just everyone screwed also responding the acting incentives they - own interest just stated in , in he the that
4575
, ( ) " ," , . In the medium case investigations find that Enron like others played by the rules but the rules stunk and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers
California but by , Enron " at investigations expense consumers like others profited , , find Enron the and ( case medium rules rules the played of that the . in the " stunk )
4576
, . You're right Sue
right , being Sue . you
4577
/ --- . Rates can't go up w out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion trying to finesse it
up finesse to over w/out fashion it some rates not freeze in declaring . trying go rate --- can the
4579
--- ; - . Harry also had a good comment don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments rather note that the rate increase needs to be well reasoned and based on facts and evidence
increase note rather not ; better based we comments Harry - amount also be . rate the reasoned and of increase a have comments on --- that well doing the specify in rate evidence facts needs and to
4581
/ / : 02 22 2001 04 37 PM
02/22/2001 pm 04:37
4592
: : - : : - : Time 8 00 5 00 8 00 5 00
- 5:00 8:00 5:00 time - : 8:00
4597
, . In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated
that level director or event and conflicts referrals the greatly vp at can would appreciated . any you , the not in participate scheduling being having
4601
. I'll not say anything
will not I anything say .
4604
" . " < @ . > Scott A Kushnick skush swbell net
Kushnick < " A. skush@swbell.net Scott > "
4605
/ / : 01 26 2001 12 48 PM
01/26/2001 pm 12:48
4606
. Please don't mention my NY trip to anyone
NY anyone trip to . doing please not mention my
4612
/ / : 01 25 2001 09 40 AM
09:40 am 01/25/2001
4616
. Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects
interest just natural than more like program being they initial gas drilling find rather Enron projects happened what vpp 's projects . in in oil
4617
( / ) ( ), # # . They are currently working on a bid due 1 31 for the Medusa project which involves Murphy operator Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks 538 and 582
which ( and . Callon # Mississippi and bid Agip the in involves currently 1/31 they a # Murphy ) for being Medusa 582 operator Blocks Canyon , working ) project 538 due ( on
4618
- , . The initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80 120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40 000 bpd starting in 1Q 2003
- estimate initial in production bpd barrels sour estimate reports crude initial reserves million being 120 of 2003 and starting 80 to they reservoir 40,000 the . 1q of
4619
- . - . % . Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 27 API Gravity and 1 5 2 0 sulfur
being 25 27 api to with - estimated and 2.0 1.5 sulfur % being gravity a crude types Mars - . quality
4620
# . Plans are to build a private pipeline to Equilon's West Delta 143 platform and then bring the oil onshore
onshore to # Delta the platform . oil bring be West and pipeline then a Equilon planning private 's 143 builds to
4622
. Tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis
on a either if . in having would likes know to we or basis buying floating fixed any Tom 's groups crude the interesting
4623
. The floating could be tied to a Platt's index or the NYMEX
to tied the floating the or index . being Platt could a 's NYMEX
4625
, , . Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their 95 000 bpd Meraux Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels
in another 95,000 at for bpd Murphy being alternative barrels new exchange refinery to they Meraux , giving Louisiana . production the barrels
4628
/ / : 01 24 2001 01 02 PM
pm 01:02 01/24/2001
4629
, . Please address and I'll check with Legal as well
well please . and , will legal address with check I as
4633
/ / : 01 26 2001 09 37 AM
01/26/2001 am 09:37
4634
; , . following up on our discussion yesterday for these types of deals i dont think its necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty's authorization to enter into the agreement
all counterparty following types we agreement ; authorization to . not for on yesterday of up discussion these documentation into , to think we the it necessary have the doing 's enter i of being deals
4646
@ . RusAmArts aol com
rusamarts@aol.com
4647
/ / : 01 26 2001 11 57 AM
01/26/2001 11:57 am
4648
. , Dear Mr Shankman
, Mr. dear Shankman
4653
. , , . It was posted on Dec 11 but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet it is open
. if but the posted human resource being , , being 11 it it open on on internet it Dec. dept still the being saying that
4657
- ~ . ENRONR 1 DOC
enronr~1.doc -
4659
. That girl's mother sounds like a real problem
that problems . 's like real a mother sounds girls
4660
. I'm not sure how I would have handled it
. I being how would have I it handled sure not
4661
? How's school going
being ? school going how
4663
/ / : 01 26 2001 11 36 AM
01/26/2001 11:36 am
4665
... ( : ) , . Here's a story as I was waiting at the bus stop 7 35am to go to school a lady approached me and asked if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus
. waiting were I certain on a story bus and am sure , would lady a school ... a to ) here I if go as ( making being to at asked daughters got approached stop she bus I 7:35 the
4668
, : . It was now 8 15 and there was no sign of her bus
being and it , no there sign now bus she been 8:15 of .
4669
, . On top of things I had quiz at 8am
top things on of I quiz . am , have 8 at
4675
, . A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her but I couldn't do it
without got not on UofH arrived a but I doing , bus could I . it that through almost and runs she
4687
/ / : 01 26 2001 10 51 AM
10:51 01/26/2001 am
4695
/ / : 01 24 2001 11 42 AM
11:42 01/24/2001 am
4700
( ). I am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers Managers or above
forward any to you interviewers this been asking note ) ( I that or potential above . managers
4702
( - ) ( - ) . We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 9am 12pm or afternoon 2pm 5pm complete session
commit we 12 am the or session afternoon morning 2 needs 9 ) 5 to either - for ( pm pm - ( ) pm to complete interviewers .
4708
% ( . ) ? Where does our 50 the 1 65 million dollars show up
we million ) the % ? up 50 does ( 1.65 dollars where show
4712
/ / : 01 25 2001 02 02 AM
01/25/2001 02:02 am
4716
/ / : 25 01 2001 00 20
00:20 25/01/2001
4718
- $ , ( $ . / ) Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company 272 000 0 10 mmbtu
/ ) net $ 0.10 mmbtu $ Company Enron to - LNG Marketing 272,000 (
4719
$ , , ( % $ , , ) Net to Eco about 3 300 000 Enron 50 share about 1 650 000
50 $ $ % about Eco ( share to 3,300,000 about net 1,650,000 ) Enron
4720
$ , , Enron total gain not counting ENA's trading desk margin is 1 922 000
gain $ ENA not total trading desk 1,922,000 counting margin Enron being 's
4725
. . , . . 1 In Section 1 1 there should be a parentheses after etc in the 5th line
. there parentheses 1 in line should be , the in . after 1.1 section a 5th etc.
4726
. . , " " " " " ". 2 In Section 3 1 in the last sentence after the proviso insert a before the word change and after the word in
" a word . " in after sentence " 2 the 3.1 and after before " the proviso lasted " insert in word the section , . the " change in
4727
. . , . 3 In Section 6 1 change 20 Business Days to 20 days
20 6.1 20 section change in days 3 business to , days . .
4728
, ( ). Also add a semicolon at the end of clause i
) a . the clause i add , at semicolon of ( also end
4729
. . . . 4 In Section 6 2 1 I'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue
just . will a open I in discount rate that . issue section thought I being sentence 6.2.1 4 the note still
4730
. . , ( ) . 5 In Section 6 3 clause c should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the Section
of . beginning fit the ( ) being c , in reworded the in the clause 6.3 section section 5 should with to . language
4732
. . . . 7 Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6 2 1
it the delete being 7 costs 6.2.1 of already defined as section in . . definition
4735
, " " " " " ". Also in the 7th line of the reps add the word into after the word entered and before the word this
line before reps add " " word the entered the " also the , after " 7th this word the in " of word . into " the and
4738
. , ( ) . 11 In Events of Default clause a refers to a dispute section which I'm not sure exists
clause of . events , to ( a exists defaults dispute refers in . not section a 11 being ) sure which I
4739
( ), " ": . In clause e delete the s from the word consolidation
the " " e . the consolidation : clause word ( ) s from delete , in
4740
. . . 12 Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6 1
covered it . . already as 6.1 remedies 12 being should being in section deleted
4741
. / , ( ). 13 In UCC Disclaimer of warranties add a clause c
warranties / ( a . ) . 13 ucc , in add clause of disclaimer c
4743
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
EB ) Carol St. 713-646-3393 ( fax ( 3889 Clair 713-853-3989 phone carol.st.clair@enron.com )
4744
@ Marianne Castano EES
marianne castano@ees
4745
/ / : 05 30 2001 11 05 AM
am 05/30/2001 11:05
4753
. -- ( ). 3 The change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form the thinking here is that the long form language is very lengthy and rather harsh and we've had great difficulty selling it in the past
and in we ) 3 the have the that past the form the rather have provision great in selling being long very lengthy . bit long language ( . and reads thinking the here difficulty a harsh it from -- form being differently change law
4754
, , , " " ( ). Taking into consideration this class of customer we decided to include certain items including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law rules or practices as a force majeure event in an effort to soften the approach see the GTCs
, to this , we cover as we to change of see we certain taking soften or " in due in ( force law approach the the a . to effort class " to ) customer including include gtcs consideration decided into , practices inability costs majeure event items rules a a
4760
. . -- " " -- , / . P S Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on your response they will be taking this project during my hiatus I am moving to PA on Friday of this week and will be out of pocket through approximately 7 16
been week Friday p.s. being moving taking . hiatus this been my Dietrich pocket this Jennifer on on approximately " they sure Sarah Hillegonds PA and -- of to to copy please response " will project and you through I out during being -- will 7/16 , of
4761
- ... I will start up again in mid July
... again start in mid-July I up will
4764
- . I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e mail
send . will been and waiting e-mail fax or I they the you by confirms to shortly on
4765
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
) 3889 fax Carol Clair EB ( phone 713-853-3989 carol.st.clair@enron.com St. ) ( 713-646-3393
4766
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
( Clair 713-646-3393 ( Carol ) fax 3889 phone 713-853-3989 carol.st.clair@enron.com ) St. EB
4768
/ / : 05 31 2001 09 01 AM
09:01 am 05/31/2001
4773
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol St. 713-646-3393 ( 713-853-3989 phone fax 3889 Clair ) ) ( EB
4774
@ . lemelpe NU COM
lemelpe@nu.com
4775
/ / : 05 30 2001 03 00 PM
03:00 05/30/2001 pm
4781
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
fax ( ( St. 3889 Carol ) Clair EB carol.st.clair@enron.com 713-646-3393 phone ) 713-853-3989
4783
: ? Are we playing tomorrow at 9 30
playing at tomorrow 9:30 being we ?
4784
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
( Clair St. ) EB 713-646-3393 carol.st.clair@enron.com 713-853-3989 phone 3889 ) Carol fax (
4786
- , ( ) . As I mentioned in my e mail John Lepore at Select Energy Settlements Group is trying to reconcile our list with his list
in e-mail Energy at as ) groups mentioned reconcile John he I . with we ( Lepore Select to , list my list being settlements trying
4787
( . ., ) . He needs more info about these trades i e price info and would like to talk with you about it
you and would about . price ) more , trades it talked ( to i.e. likes info these with needs about he info
4788
- - - @ . . His number is 860 665 2368 and e mail address is leporjj selectenergy com
. being numbers and 860-665-2368 leporjj@selectenergy.com he e-mail address being
4790
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
Clair fax St. ( carol.st.clair@enron.com ) EB 713-646-3393 Carol phone 713-853-3989 ( ) 3889
4792
/ / : 05 25 2001 12 45 PM
12:45 05/25/2001 pm
4793
/ / . Here's everything that flows from 5 1 01 forward
from 5/1/01 here forward everything flows being . that
4794
/ / : Carol St Clair 05 25 2001 12 01 PM
05/25/2001 St Clair 12:01 pm Carol
4797
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
) ( St. ( 3889 phone carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol 713-646-3393 ) EB 713-853-3989 Clair fax
4799
/ / : 05 25 2001 11 45 AM
05/25/2001 11:45 am
4800
/ / ? Do you want 6 1 01 and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not been settled
or you since being all doing forward they include doing settled have May you want and 6/1/01 to of not ? want
4802
/ / : Carol St Clair 05 25 2001 10 56 AM
Clair 05/25/2001 am St Carol 10:56
4805
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
) ) carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol 713-646-3393 3889 phone ( St. EB Clair ( fax 713-853-3989
4806
@ . lemelpe NU COM
lemelpe@nu.com
4807
/ / : 05 25 2001 10 44 AM
am 05/25/2001 10:44
4810
- , / . I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning we're all set on the language in the Schedule to the ISDA and there is a minor credit billing issue in Paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well
with the and collateral the billing of - Ed being Val a of transfer the related , timing on will morning Bruce I as paragraph we on / in . schedule to well credit discuss to issue isda 13 in to the being that spoke Bob minor there set interest all language this
4811
, ( ) . As far as the EEI goes the only remaining issue that I'm aware of aside from finalizing the LOC is whether we've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions
finalizing aware loc the whether aside as the being remaining being finished far prior only , goes I . of we list ( that as the issue from the eei have transactions ) attachment containing of coordinating the
4814
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
) 3889 EB fax Carol ) 713-646-3393 carol.st.clair@enron.com ( ( St. 713-853-3989 phone Clair
4816
/ / : 06 01 2001 03 20 PM
06/01/2001 pm 03:20
4817
. . I am missing Deal No 74419 on your sheet
. on you I 74419 deal sheet been missing no.
4818
. . It is Enpower No 295870
. Enpower being 295870 no. it
4822
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
713-646-3393 ( ) carol.st.clair@enron.com 3889 ( Clair 713-853-3989 St. Carol EB phone fax )
4824
/ / : 06 01 2001 03 20 PM
06/01/2001 03:20 pm
4825
. . I am missing Deal No 74419 on your sheet
you sheet on I missing been 74419 . deal no.
4826
. . It is Enpower No 295870
no. Enpower . it being 295870
4828
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
carol.st.clair@enron.com ) Clair ( Carol ( fax EB 713-646-3393 phone 713-853-3989 3889 ) St.
4830
/ / : 06 01 2001 03 20 PM
06/01/2001 pm 03:20
4831
. . I am missing Deal No 74419 on your sheet
no. . you 74419 on I missing deal been sheet
4832
. . It is Enpower No 295870
295870 Enpower . being it no.
4840
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
fax 713-853-3989 ( phone 713-646-3393 ) carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol ) ( Clair EB St. 3889
4841
@ . lemelpe NU COM
lemelpe@nu.com
4842
/ / : 06 04 01 08 38 AM
08:38 06/04/01 am
4844
. Our credit person doesn't understand why the transferability language needs to be eliminated
does why we not language eliminated the to . needs being transferability credit person understand
4854
. - - ( ) - - ( ) . . @ . Carol St Clair EB 3889 713 853 3989 Phone 713 646 3393 Fax carol st clair enron com
EB carol.st.clair@enron.com fax Carol ( phone ) St. ( 713-646-3393 Clair ) 3889 713-853-3989
4862
, , , . . Also you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up but to protect ourselves we have added language in Para 3 2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax
ever para tax being have the not in to ciac interconnect we back gross 3.2 this if protect ourselves . but to may comes the subject you to IRS we that ciac interconnect , up to this financially being protect the will determine language , notice , also added tax subject that
4868
- - Kim 713 853 3098
713-853-3098 Kim
4870
( , ). We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW also I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property
we we 's ) row fts ElPaso , Questar . being also property purchase ( of about on from 50 get looking they I metering the at have to facilities putting to to will row thought
4871
, , . As you look at this if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW
this can on have , we as we metering plan b . look row some at obtain would , put the you which be ElPaso not reason we if to look for at to will row
4879
- - Earl Chanley 505 625 8031
Chanley 505-625-8031 Earl
4887
, , , . . Also you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up but to protect ourselves we have added language in Para 3 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax
up this gross to 3. comes , being but the language ourselves ever you added , to para in this that tax interconnect determine protect , we subject notice may ciac also we interconnect subject if financially the not being have back will protect the that to tax . ciac IRS to
4893
- - Kim 713 853 3098
Kim 713-853-3098
4895
, / , / . We've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday May 24 to Newark Rome and returning on Sunday June 9 from Rome to Newark Houston
have Italy May Sunday tickets 9 June for Rome Houston departing and from week Newark / Friday returning / to . Newark , we Houston on booked , 24 Rome this on to
4896
$ , . Ticket price was 1 183 per ticket
. ticket price ticket $ per 1,183 being
4899
. Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg
legs to Dennis Janell able being not anywhere due in . broken go and 's to Janell 2002 will
4900
, . Please call me let's discuss
I let please discuss call 's , .
4904
( ) , ! I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed I don't remember if you were there or not but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great thanks
not being and remember were thanks ahead discussed which lasted in great ! being implementation proceeded ( you a not being that meeting or I but ) this thinking you I doing have already , I being there for week if may
4906
, . . The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps to use for updates
new TW ready groups Terry I the procedure Kowalke and for customer and and extensions new solution having telephony services numbers hotline entering to the the form . for use rep. a updates having center the greetings use having the , for
4913
. I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry
could it being you remember or if Terry I just . not
4917
- - . The new Hotline phone number is 713 853 3044
phone . hotline numbers new the being 713-853-3044
4921
( ) , ! I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed I don't remember if you were there or not but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great thanks
lasted there implementation that but for may thinking not I I being great ) week have meeting ahead if ! I thanks already doing being being , you proceeded were being which this and or in not ( discussed remember a you
4923
, . . The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps to use for updates
telephony procedure solution entering and extensions . for the rep. for customer use Kowalke and form numbers I for having updates and having new the greetings to having TW use services the , new the the center ready Terry groups hotline a
4941
$ . . Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was 180 9m
total being for invoiced m transportation . $ 2001 180.9
4942
$ . . The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is 165 9m
m amount in $ being revenues ledger the transportation general . recorded of the 165.9
4944
$ . - ( , , , , ) - $ 10 0m negotiated rates reserve Reliant Sempra Richardson Astr and BP Energy collected
Sempra BP - 10.0 and Energy collected $ , m - reserve Reliant , Astr ) , ( negotiated Richardson $ , rates
4945
$ . - - $ 2 7m SoCal rate issue not collected
- $ m $ 2.7 - SoCal collected not issue rate
4946
$ . - - $ 1 8m additional month of PGE revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 collected
m - month additional prepayment of - $ invoicing 1.8 beginning in 2001 $ due collected to revenues PGE
4948
, . Also revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly
acquiring 's at released being tariff adjusted accordingly . TW rates PGE revenues the shippers rates from volumes above for also ,
4956
. Let's talk before I leave town next Wednesday
town before . leave next Wednesday lets talked I 's
4966
. , - , - : - - : - - : - - : - - Thomas W Daugherty Vice President for Spiritual Care Methodist Health Care System 6565 Fannin Street D 200 Houston Texas 77030 2707 Office 713 793 1429 Page 281 735 5919 Cell 713 819 2784 Fax 713 790 2605
Daugherty , : Street , care cell page W. 713-790-2605 713-793-1429 : vice Houston Fannin 77030-2707 spiritual - : 281-735-5919 Care d Texas 713-819-2784 Thomas : for Methodist president office fax Health 6565 System 200
4968
. Let's discuss
's lets discuss .
4972
, ( , , , ). Since the bankruptcy filing vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid Daniels Fisher Rosemont other
prior . prepaid bankruptcy , ship have reluctant Daniels filing Fisher to vendors ) being , to it other very , material Rosemont the being ( since ,
4979
/ ( % ). The I C design is for a UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule Canada or Kansas are the only two places to test to 100 of design
and 100 the on i/c design being . UltraSonic to a meter of % the or being ( test schedule testing ) to design this Canada dependent they Kansas for places only being two
4981
/ - , , , . We will try to complete the I C with the earliest in service date possible but with conditions as they are a realistic date would be June 15 2002
try possible be the being June services we a i/c to would , , date in as date realistic 2002 - with conditions complete earliest with they , but . 15 the will
4984
- - Earl Chanley 505 625 8031
505-625-8031 Chanley Earl
4986
( , ). We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW also I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property
, we the row to 50 putting they purchase being thought at ( also to we will 's metering looking get Questar . ) fts from about to ElPaso of row facilities on have property I
4987
, , . As you look at this if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW
row to row would as for you put reason have ElPaso we will , at b metering some which obtain , we this plan look to . we can if be at look on the not
4993
/ (" " ) . Listening to the Edison call w investors Edison says they will pay everyone at the same time big bang approach sometime in Q1'02
) will Edison '02 saying " Edison approach . bang investors listening in same time sometime " ( they q1 call the paying at bigger w/ everyone to the
4994
, , / . My concern is that between now and then Dunn the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief which could be detrimental to generators marketers' claims
the time concern to . and marketers Dunn detrimental ' generators having then heckuvalot between , , making mischief which now and / being the being could that of a claims resources my ag to
4997
, . Figured they'd contacted them but wanted to make sure
they . wanted they making , but to sure contacted figured having
4999
, . I apologize I'm on the road and haven't heard when that will be
being be , have I will I the not that heard road . apologize when and on
5000
. I'm thinking that I may want to attend
thinking want attend that being I . may I to
5005
, . If you haven't heard SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs
not ofos announced heard have . , they being windows SoCal if for you abandoning
5006
" " . They're holding workshops on how it will all work soon
how . soon being all " workshops " will working holding they on it
5007
. I'll get you the announcement
announcement you will I get the .
5010
Probing the 'palace coup'
coup the palace ' ' probing
5016
. A state Senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage California's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices
subpoenas and Senate 's manipulate a 16 manage on to being California producers electricity grid set stated they . serving committee to prices todays officials energy to concert acted in who determine energy start whether
5018
- - , - . Lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events directed by the man who heads the state's energy grid fueled the California energy crisis pushed the state into the power buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers
business billions energy fueled that the energy and by events who , 's the grid - making lawmakers dollars consumer producers and - allege helped directed groups power the - . heads stated of the the for man power pushed the California into buying stated crisis
5020
. - , . Winter defied his own board and Gov Gray Davis when he filed a 50 page request to remove the caps records and interviews show
defied remove board when the show to filed Gov. and own and interviewed - , 50 Winter request a he page caps Davis records Gray he .
5021
" ," . I don't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort said Dunn
how doing effort place I some Dunn could . saying concerted events " " have without know not taken , these
5022
, , , - , . The subpoenas will force those involved including Winter to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee and to turn over e mails personal calendars and memos
provide . those including testimony Winter , and about sworn memos and to subpoenas turn events the e-mails , over to will the , the personal committee force calendars , involved to
5024
" , ," . The governor believes it was the defining moment when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis Maviglio said
problems instant the . it governor what " , into being been a mounting " a Maviglio when the defining crisis saying moment believes turned ,
5026
. ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said Dunn's committee will find no criminal conduct
spokesman 's Fishman will conduct . criminal find saying no Dunn committee ISO Gregg
5029
" ," . It was an emergency Fishman said
being Fishman " " emergency , . it a saying
5031
. . What became known as the palace coup began on Oct 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power
restrictions voted what the became board coup as Oct. known of the 26 . producers began power on palace charge members money ISO on for amount for could severe when electricity
5033
" ( ) $ , ," , . They electricity generators grinned and beared the 750 price cap but this new plan by ISO was too much said Dunn whose committee has been investigating since March
new too saying since " plan committee price 750 investigating , ( , much being cap being but Dunn beared ISO ) " they electricity whose grinned by generators $ the . having and this , March
5035
. , , . Records show that on Oct 31 power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission demanding that the new plan be killed
with the Oct. records traders 31 power that generators , Federal Commission filed . Energy being that letters new electricity the Regulatory show on demanding plan killed , and
5044
, . Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap saying they couldn't make a profit even under these constraints
under a killing saying not power that toward producers making attention could they even turned , these constraints then . profit cap they
5045
, . , . They began to withhold power from California and on Dec 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts which were narrowly averted
blackouts on , power emergency for averted they which first braced the stage from and declared California to being 7 began 3 narrowly withhold , ISO . its and Dec.
5049
, , . Neither the ISO board which had established the price cap nor the governor learned of Winter's actions until the cap had been removed
actions which removed until cap established the being the neither governor nor cap 's having Winter learned ISO having the the . price of , board ,
5051
. He didn't mention anything about it
about mention not doing he anything . it
5054
" , , . The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor's key energy advisers with poker faces not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment '' Maviglio said
the not '' at advisers ISO a poker in sited with going 's meeting the a Maviglio faces that same governor something exact being key word about saying staff moment saying . energy on " the , , with
5056
- ." This action accelerated the utilities' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power buying business
buying into forced - . toward the power " move bankruptcy to and move utilities this accelerated business action the the ' governor stated the
5065
." We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund
introduced feel we it make " better . and for a process we review refund it because
5069
" ." He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing
to doing " he at he time being done " have thought keeping . the flowing the to power what
5071
, , . Some board members pushed to have Winter removed but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos the governor's spokesman Maviglio said
to spokesman but the would 's Maviglio action such pushed there Winter removed , board some lead , more chaos . members concerns were saying to governor have
5072
. , , . James J Hoecker the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman defended making the December decision and also defended Winter
the decision , . chairman Winter Regulatory , Commission former defended also December Federal and making Energy James defended the Hoecker J.
5074
" ( ) ." They ISO management did what any independent system operator would do
management doing independent ( " " ISO would system . any ) they what done operator
5075
. What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired
to 's being committee events Dunn why these hopes all transpired . what learn
5076
- . . He believes memos and e mails around the time of Winter's Dec 8 actions should provide vital clues
8 and memos . believes Winter of should time Dec. e-mails provide he 's clues actions around vital the
5077
" , ," . We don't know why he did what he did but we are eager to find out Dunn said
Dunn we to saying " find being done but , . doing done , he we eager what know out why he " not
5079
. We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one
the and avoid note on resurrect should recreating to on one attempt 's Mike we call he wheel the in get this . Smith the
5080
. I can dig it up if you'd like
up dig if it you . can I would likes
5082
( ). I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA for customers already on DA
we current CA the ) a Janet and to customers on for Vicki to having Dietrich . Thursday ( meeting discuss view contracts with ability in extend we I on da already on been
5084
( ?) # & . My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this maybe and our 1 priority is to work to get the PG E model adopted across the state
to we 1 udcs stated PG&E being and adopted ) my # maybe model across to priority to the . will being ( this the indifferent ? get take working being that the
5085
& ? Any news on how SCE and SDG E will move forward
SCE ? and move forward on SDG&E news how will any
5090
. I'll leave to Steve to structure the deal
to structure will Steve . leaving to the deal I
5091
, , , . As I recall Montavano Shapiro and I usually make up one team but I'm willing to switch around a bit
Shapiro around recall and Montavano make to , a , one being switch as , but up team . usually I I bit willing I
5095
, ??? And if yes what's the game and wager
if the being yes and and games ??? wager what ,
5097
" . " < @ . > Neal S Manne NMANNE SusmanGodfrey com
Neal < Manne " " S. > nmanne@susmangodfrey.com
5098
/ / : 11 28 2000 06 16 PM
11/28/2000 06:16 pm
5099
, . It's a two way street of course
. a being of way it street course , two
5104
, , , ( , ). As I have told RNR I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in conformity with the contract sinceit is in the alternative and that our IP is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators since Duke clearly cannot change it's ineffective IP at this stage having already seen ours
stage the that and being in this being have advise having being that since the it will I ip Duke seeing in ) . the in should since before , that , clearly not ( changed the can thought arbitrators one ip as told hence writing not already we ip ineffective with it's contracts its Duke , at ours conformity being I alternative we , only rnr
5108
@ Susan Rance ENRON
susan rance@enron
5109
/ / : 11 28 2000 03 58 PM
pm 11/28/2000 03:58
5124
/ / : 11 28 2000 11 34 AM
11/28/2000 am 11:34
5127
. , . If I can get a few minutes with Mark H today I'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday's meeting with LIPA
a meeting todays minutes propose Thursday H. going Klimberg with Mark I lipa , to being that if 's I signed about this . with can before Stan get getting I speak few to
5133
@ _ Michelle Blaine ENRON DEVELOPMENT
michelle blaine@enron_development
5134
/ / : 11 28 2000 07 35 PM
07:35 11/28/2000 pm
5135
, . Justin I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here
will Justin bad no call actins litgation , . having Sanders but who domestic I of Texas any here pending I in faith manages Enron having knowledge Richard
5136
. I've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately
. agree materials and we have read these sent you the appropriately I needs to address allegations
5138
. We sued Houston Casualty last year but I don't recall making any bad faith claims
we not claims any doing sued years Casualty lasted . making faith bad but recall Houston I
5148
, . Not when I was there but I wasn't there the whole time
time . not there but there the when I being I whole not being ,
5151
, ; . If you got the chance today I should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue I think we should set out DPC's position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay
of a grateful should . position discuss the I thought correspondence I could chance got we really if to set , one todays ; on should clearly much issue this out delay giving if DPC call you you 's I being this too in without
5160
@ Russell Montgomery ENRON
montgomery@enron russell
5161
/ / : 11 28 2000 08 22 AM
08:22 am 11/28/2000
5166
- Russ 3 5297
Russ 3-5297
5167
@ . brianp aiglincoln com
brianp@aiglincoln.com
5168
< @ . > Rob Jacobs rsjacobs Encoreacq com
Rob > rsjacobs@encoreacq.com Jacobs <
5169
/ / : 11 28 2000 11 25 AM
11/28/2000 11:25 am
5172
, , . Also remind me of Patterson's email so I can harass him directly
, , remind I so of also directly . can I 's he Patterson harass email
5175
- . C DTF
- c.dtf
5176
- , . As you can tell from the time of my e mail I am getting crushed
as the been told time my e-mail of . crushed I getting from can you ,
5178
/ / : 11 28 2000 09 46 AM
11/28/2000 am 09:46
5183
/ / : 11 27 2000 10 25 AM
11/27/2000 am 10:25
5184
, , . As of today we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16 2000
, payment requested 2000 November as not todays dated full Sanders , we letter Richard of in in 16 . ' have as received
5185
$ , . - - . We did receive a payment for 3 202 61 on 11 20 2000
on . 3,202.61 payment doing we for a 11-20-2000 $ receive
5187
_ _ @ . / / : : Nuria R Ibarra calpx com on 04 28 2000 11 15 11 AM
am nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com 11:15:11 04/28/2000 on
5190
/ / : 11 28 2000 09 56 PM
pm 09:56 11/28/2000
5194
/ / : 11 27 2000 10 25 AM
am 11/27/2000 10:25
5195
, , . As of today we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16 2000
November todays have 2000 dated we Sanders Richard in in received , of ' as requested as not payment full 16 . , letter
5196
$ , . - - . We did receive a payment for 3 202 61 on 11 20 2000
on 11-20-2000 we receive a 3,202.61 . $ payment for doing
5199
. @ . melanie gray weil com
melanie.gray@weil.com
5200
/ / : 11 13 2000 03 43 PM
11/13/2000 pm 03:43
5201
/ / . Here are the revised dates for the response reply and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel
dates response reply the to Enron hearing the motion . 's dates revised compel being for / here / and for
5202
, . As you may recall they say they want a deposition on the parties' intention
on , ' parties . the they want may recall as says intention they you deposition a
5204
& / . I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking
. I forth passed of having position the A&K / the with seeking remedies you nonenforcement along enforcement trustee to what request and setting the contracts 's the regarding pleadings being power trustee filed in Austin Liz connection
5206
. Call to discuss the response to the Trustee's settlement offer
to response the call to 's offer the . discuss trustee settlement
5210
. . . The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec 12 at 2p m
at motion to compel 12 being now 2 p.m scheduled . Dec. the for
5211
. The trustee's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1
due Nov oppositon . being due being now 's and reply Dec 27 Enron trustee papers 1 the
5218
, ( - - ), . If you have received this communication in error please immediately notify us by telephone 713 546 5000 and destroy the original message
telephone ) , you error please by . 713-546-5000 messages immediately if communication we notify and the , this destroy original in ( received have
5220
" " < @ . > Gerry Strathmann gstrathmann mediaone net
Gerry " > gstrathmann@mediaone.net " < Strathmann
5221
/ / : 11 08 2000 02 19 PM
pm 11/08/2000 02:19
5222
. - Dear Mr Sanders
dear - Sanders Mr.
5226
& , , , .? We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT T Duke Energy Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts
focal have Chrysler point and and companies Bowes have , questions Duke such answers .? AT&T about I enthusiastic Pitney may would being Energy responses Daimler from this pleased we have you efforts , we to , any educational for as
5228
.? I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions
management services for b2b members developing having .? I systems groups the transactions of American that Arbitration dispute 's a ecommerce design been the being Association and
5231
, , - .? Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance legal and operations so that we get good cross functional feedback about our services
finance and would six peoples legal to of from that so services this four operations , get consist cross-functional better feedback groups , .? ideally we we about
5236
, ( - - ). Please let me know what is possible and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions 978 376 9004
I to know giving if you lets ) having questions . , call ( being possible 978-376-9004 free a what feel any and I please
5240
( ) - - - Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American Arbitration Association 978 376 9004 303 294 4499
Association groups 376-9004 American Arbitration ( 303-294-4499 Gerry Strathmann ecommerce 978 )
5241
" . " < @ . > Neal S Manne NMANNE SusmanGodfrey com
Manne Neal nmanne@susmangodfrey.com " < S. > "
5242
/ / : 11 29 2000 09 52 AM
am 09:52 11/29/2000
5246
@ Mark Palmer ENRON
mark palmer@enron
5247
/ / : 11 29 2000 10 45 AM
10:45 11/29/2000 am
5248
. I'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it
against suit I I the send . it as soon the a as filed generators get copy of will
5250
" , " < . @ . > Leopold Jason Jason Leopold dowjones com
Leopold < > , jason.leopold@dowjones.com Jason " "
5251
/ / : 11 29 2000 10 40 AM
10:40 11/29/2000 am
5255
- . A team of San Diego's best anti trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of California this year
best to overcharges . San returning class San electric team a to and generators years court attorneys marketers being California assembled stated rest of Diego electricity take California the and a effort have battered and the 's the on of that anti-trust Diego action in this in having
5257
: - WHEN 11am noon
11 am - : noon when
5258
: . ( / & ) , , & - - WHERE 550 West C St b t Columbia India Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine Steinberg Miller Huver 619 231 9449
& 1810 Steinberg Miller Law 619-231-9449 ) where West C Levine , & , St. 550 b/t of suite Columbia : India Huver Offices (
5260
. UCAN's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint
's being attorney the the . available about and to complaint director will UCAN questions team answers executive
5264
. , - - @ . Michael Shames Executive Director Utility Consumers' Action Network 1717 Kettner Blvd Suite 105 San Diego CA 92101 619 696 6966 mshames ucan org
executive ' suite Michael 1717 mshames@ucan.org director Blvd. 619-696-6966 Utility Kettner 92101 105 Diego Network Shames San CA Action , Consumers
5275
, . It's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to understand that once you decide to have kids it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids
who doing and a out . to decide responsible grow and lives once they being for being to have indeed parents those kids role you it to , bad understand kids it up time up seem that there the fuck being model not
5283
, , . You made a choice to be a mommy you dont get a break until they move out thats the choice that you madea and that's life
to that that , , a being that the not life break being out . mommy a being you you until move choice you madea doing they and get make choice a
5285
, . Just because you're stuck doesnt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you
singles just does around drag . down you being , you the not giving you the right to stuck all because
5286
" " . Another time I'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where Mommies get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason
all out where instances doing reason . work mommies behind of will another into the time " the childcare " and segueway I hiding get fun as work related
5287
" ". This is the insidious conspiracy I call Mommism
" mommism insidious conspiracy being call " . this I the
5289
[ :// . . / / / - , , . ? = - - ] http www newsday com news opinion ny vpnasa054135614feb05 0 5979821 story coll ny editorials headlines
http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines ] [
5290
( . ) Newsday com
) newsday.com (
5293
, , - - . The most important question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image puffing and budget cutting
from crucial errors whether ready sacrificed being cutting safety procedures - , the common the of and being for but technically and that most most to having new and , features learned image itself criticism out safety . a budget Discovery errors the and question culture agency that not management Challenger - with emergency whether important discouraged Columbia to grew puffing fly
5295
" " ( ). Seeing another Columbia incident can be quite frightening I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas
I in ) . in Texas being up it woke I another when ( incident " Columbia being frightening can to " the quite seeing morning early
5296
. We don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species
. we doing not exploring we imagination going being incident need cosmos species something another as keeps that the a as
5299
( ). Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses
. they encouraging being instead forward that losses ) clear any problems come to unnecessary they potential everyone result it being if could ( in as overlooked see problems
5306
( ) . But lets hope for their sake and the sake of all space lovers out there that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again
again they that space can hope all and hope image s rekindle colonization . lovers there space for lets the redefine they they of sake but the sake and out ( of )
5309
/ / : : Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2 7 2005 01 09 32 AM
Nook Hidden at 01:09:32 to by 2/7/2005 posted am Nook Hidden
5311
" " " ". In George Orwell's influential novel 1984 doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as war is peace
to " 1984 stated same war the peace government irreconcilable George a novel by peoples ideas at being such . " two " 's as being promoted in " influential making totalitarian accept the Orwell device time doublethink
5328
, . If we are all in this thing together let's play nice
, all we 's in if nice playing lets thing together being . this
5331
. Fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad behaviour cannot continue indefinitely
indefinitely circumstances since not bad collective soon hand force fortunately we will we behaviour continue can .
5365
, , , . The plan can't be described as a binary a breakaway a unilevel or a forced matrix
plan breakaway the a or , a a matrix can described forced . unilevel not as a , , being binary
5369
$ $ , . If you used to make 100k and now only make 30k this is not long term viability
, viability k 30 only now long term make $ used making . if k 100 you being and to $ this not
5378
- - - - 620 294 4000 or 620 294 3000
620-294-3000 or 620-294-4000
5381
: : TIME 8 00 PM Eastern Standard Time
Eastern 8:00 Standard pm Time : time
5383
: ** : ** : ** : 5 00 PT 6 00 MT 7 00 CT 8 00 ET
** ct mt 8:00 7:00 pt ** 6:00 et 5:00 **
5384
! I'll see you there
will see ! you I there
5385
- - - - Steve Fillmore 612 205 9814 620 294 1909
612-205-9814 Fillmore 620-294-1909 Steve
5386
: " "< ...@ . > Email Dharmadeva dharmad gmail com
Dharmadeva " < dharmad...@gmail.com > email " :
5395
- . It is a psycho spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength
being strength and benefiting stamina psycho-spiritual developing exercise and the a mind by it .
5398
. Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mind
word kaoshikii ' of layer shell the mind meaning comes Sanskrit ' from kosa . or
5399
( ). The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence kosas
existence lies ) kosas the of innermost . ( individual hidden the of in self layers the
5400
( ) ( ). Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm unit being in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm Cosmic Consciousness
to the of its macrocosm ) thus link . being ( microcosm unit in ( a cosmic blossoming the a attain attempt ) kaoshikii with consciousness being
5422
- . Helps in self expression and develops one's potentiality
's . potentiality develops - in one self helps and expression
5430
" , ,... , , ", , . Then to the beat of dhin dhin ta' ta' the dancers begin their step placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot
step of ta' the , , dhin to the " bigger then of the beat , . the other they toes dhin heel " ... placing ta' , dancers , the behind begin foot ,
5435
" , ...", . When the dancers start the step with the beat of dhin dhin the mental ideation should also be kept
ideation " the dancers . the ... also step the of , the mental when with keeping being beat should dhin start dhin " ,
5437
: " ( )." The two hands when upraised and folded together represent Now I am trying to establish a link with Parama Purus'a Supreme Consciousness
parama supreme two represent " consciousness ( hands with upraised I the " been and : when establish . trying together link now ) purus'a a folded to
5438
: " ." Bending to the right indicates I know the right way to request You
the bending you " the : right indicates knew to to way request I . right "
5439
: " ." Bending to the left indicates I know how to fulfil Your demands
indicates . " : demands bending fulfil left to the I to how you " knew
5440
: " ." Bending forward suggests I completely surrender to You
: to " suggests I . surrender forward " completely bending you
5441
: " ." Bending backward represents I am ready to face all obstacles that may come
represents face . may all " I bending to ready " backward come : been obstacles that
5442
: " ." The last two steps represent O Lord I repeat Your cosmic rhythm
steps the rhythm cosmic repeat represent . " Lord I : o lasted " you two
5443
. . Quebecker wins U S bravery award
U.S. bravery Quebecker wins awarded
5446
. , , , ., , , . Dr Eric Fortier 34 of Gatineau Que used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island just south of the Arctic Circle to save two friends who were being mauled
Dr. , used bear Baffin friends being pocket just to , mauled Arctic two , Que. , a Eric . the Circle attack Gatineau polar Island , of of who 34 saving on , Fortier knife being a south to
5448
. , , . Dr Fortier an orthodontist learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall
what bear at dogs region least learned Dr. he the a he a . feel on Baffin Fortier , there leaning when central polar been in tent he July one wall Island , 2001 being orthodontist thought of in
5449
" ," . My first thought was to push it away he said
saying he first thought push been my to it . , " away "
5450
" ." A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling
a the fly and . started " my girlfriend 's later few ceiling through saw ripping then the it bear a " seconds shadow through paw the tent of
5455
" ." I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out
out and glasses " knife my . I unzipped my " headed grabbed and and tent my
5456
- - . , , . The bear dwarfed the 6 foot 1 Mr Parenteau knocking him to the ground he said
the Mr. , 1 . he to , saying Parenteau the foot the dwarfed - he ground knocking bear - 6
5457
. , - - , . Dr Fortier threw a large rock at the bear distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 year old Patricia Doyon who was in the same tent
- tent Doyon who . 25 allowing threw Dr. then on a years rock the at in but , , the and Patricia Fortier old bear same it distracting larger to escape being Parenteau it - turned
5458
. . Again Dr Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape
and Fortier to threw again able its bear . Dr. the at again being rocks target escape
5459
" ," . The bear gave chase and I gave chase he said
chase I gave chase the and gave " " saying . bear , he
5461
." I was beside the bear's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times
bear couple jaw beside cut I upper a I times a 's head neck the with " being the stabbed and of in below the . it
5464
. . , , . Both Mr Parenteau and Ms Doyon however were bleeding badly
Parenteau , Mr. . Ms. Doyon badly however both being and bleeding ,
5465
. . Dr Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River
the kilometres . Fortier Dr. lashed girlfriend and River two Soper he together eight and along canoes paddled
5466
. . Dr Fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement
travelled help nearest to kilometres another settlement by . in the Fortier three foot Dr. seek
5467
. . , . , . . Both Mr Parenteau and Ms Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived though Mr Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular Dr Fortier said
though of to a gash , Ms. airlifted centimetre and both Parenteau a saying jugular survived have Mr. he hospital within . a Fortier , Parenteau Mr. Doyon being Dr. and
5468
. . Dr Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday
on Medal Dr. Carnegie . receive of one being Monday peoples Fortier 15 to the
5469
" ." The bronze medal is given to people who risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others
others " a the lives to saving risk or extraordinary who given attempting the bronze being lives while saving " to they peoples of medal to degree .
5470
, , , . , , . The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford 42 of Hamilton who was killed Aug 4 2002 while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife
, who Hamilton a trying , owners Hamilton medal , 2002 4 being 42 the , knife while to Aug. sandwich canadian defend shop of Joseph , being wielding Ronald . a of recipient other Crawford the killed from robber a
5471
. . Mr Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart
he the in heart Crawford threw before Mr. being several assailant . stabbed the at punches
5472
. . . U S industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people
stories rescue 181 started mine from in a disaster after that 1904 industrialist killed being Carnegie a Andrew fund hero peoples by U.S. . inspired
5473
$ , ( . .) . The award comes with a 3 500 U S grant
U.S. . the grant $ 3,500 comes a awarded ( ) with
5477
, . He was three months late in filing a name for the business and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues didn't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock
a late in three name and . a Apple to company business months colleagues filing better he he name doing the 5 by Computers other o'clock not call being he suggest the , for if threatened
5488
, . It was originally named 'Googol' a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros
, 1 the by ' 100 . numbers being by zeros named represented ' it Googol followed word a for originally
5489
- , After founders Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor they received a cheque made out to 'Google'
investor Larry to to Google graduate they project students Sergey Stanford a presented make founders after - ' out Page Brin received angel ' cheque a and they ,
5491
- . Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing e mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world
of got in Jack world the the anywhere accessing . a idea e-mail web Smith via the from computer founder
5492
, " " - . When Sabeer Bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service he tried all kinds of names ending in 'mail' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters html the programming language used to write web pages
finally the to came ' " for ' Bhatia names , pages . up ending business " the all the html mail used with as it and settled language kinds programming tried included the in he Sabeer write of services for mail plan when - hotmail letters web
5495
- - . Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the company they founded would be called Hewlett Packard or Packard Hewlett
- company - Packard founded they tossed or coin Packard Packard a the would and whether being to . called Hewlett Bill Hewlett Dave Hewlett decide
5497
. Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company 'Moore Noyce' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics
Noyce already Bob Moore have a but chain settle ' acronym to hotels wanted they that to being trademarked ' by they company electronics a new Noyce and . Moore of so for integrated name Gordon
5499
. Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'
name the . company he got ' position Mitch ' ' for or ' padmasana from the lotus Kapor
5508
( ). Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA Central Intelligence Agency
project ) Ellison and Larry consulting a being Oats working Agency Bob for Central CIA ( on . the Intelligence
5509
( ). The code name for the project was called Oracle the CIA saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something such
or the ) such saw CIA being name as project . code for the answers questions something to giving the called all to the system Oracle ( this
5515
, . It originated from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a bright youngster
to youngster it meaning a to , Latin the from ' by a ' and slang word sonus ' ' Americans bright sound sonny originated used . refer
5518
! Yahoo
Yahoo!
5519
. The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver's Travels'
invented the ' Gulliver Jonathan he ' word 's used and book by being in Swift . Travels
5523
: ...@ . : + : Email mayur yahoo com SMS 919819602175 Web
919819602175 email : + mayur...@yahoo.com : sms : web
5527
. The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it's not going to go away
and . away not it to more assured the community being you being accessible can that reason the rest being main global Google going go to
5530
, :). That said the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play
said more we reliable of thus and . forum maintenance by will playing Google the it that being and will this remain ultimately time to :) handled giving ,
5531
. I'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions
I fan this deep devoted a than games the . myself I being haven discussions that more fan for of nothing and hope can a area become
5536
. Im really looking forward to Guild Wars
. Wars being Guild really forward to looking I
5539
, - , ... Feb 2005 is the projected release date although Guild Wars is made by ex members of Blizzard so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006
the release ... ex-members could Feb meant Feb although , of make 2005 Wars , so by August being being Guild 2006 projected 2005 date Blizzard
5540
, / . Anyway I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2 3 weekend events
to anyway out I tried I being on get missed preorder but selling places a 2/3 events weekend so . no , it
5541
, . Oh well I'll get it when it comes out in Febuary
. I when Febuary out , will oh comes it get well in it
5547
. I havn't heard of it
. of I it not heard hav
5549
. It's a massive multiplayer role playing game
it multiplayer role playing games a . massive being
5550
. It's worth a look
worth being looked . it a
5554
. I can't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline
the deadline being imagine they to Feb I . meet not 05 not can able
5574
, , , , , , . ., Dear Judges Lawyers Policemen Guards Counselors Taxpayers et al
, , policemen , , taxpayers dear lawyers et. judges , counselors , guards al. ,
5581
- , , , . We are ex cons uninsured homeless of many colors and speaking many tongues
ex-cons and . many homeless speaking tongues being uninsured colors , of , we many ,
5588
" ", , , ? Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those out of the workforce the dregs the rabble the enemy
the the " , , dregs the " out those oversees the stays of rabble the half population because enemy ? low , unemployent workforce
5595
. It's about time we got together
together time we got being it about .
5599
, , . Many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to and many of use wouldn't escape if you opened the front door
the least surface of we sense and not of understanding . opened , a as beneath as burrowed you escape doors , to use spiritual succumbed many if find to being would a we the force at front many those have powerful of
5602
? Don't you think it's time we talked
time doing not ? being you think talked it we
5610
( . . ) . . , Bruce Reilly a k a Bruha P O Box 8274 Cranston RI 02920 USA
Bruha ( , a.k.a ) Cranston Reilly Bruce USA p.o. box 8274 02920 RI
5611
. . - . P S I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause
to I guerilla . trying campaign cause media a effective conceptualize this - p.s. to promote been
5616
: " " . . ? ( . ., , , .) Subject Where can I get the necessary software to get a smart mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp mail maps E g pathalias smail etc
comp.mail.maps machine e.g. etc. , " mail system : smail to , get advantage of where subject can ? smart on software take ) get the pathalias my ( , I " a the necessary running will postings that in
5617
. . . There are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp sources unix archives
there . packages the of archives supporters available comp.sources.unix through of be couple a the
5618
, . . , . If sites next to you don't have what you want contact your nearest comp sources unix archive or the moderator
or sites you to you comp.sources.unix . have next you , the nearest want what if archive doing moderator not , contact
5619
, . . . . . . . Information on archive sites and indices of comp sources unix back issues are posted regularly in comp sources unix and comp sources d
in archive regularly of . , comp.sources.d and indices issues posted back comp.sources.unix comp.sources.unix being information sites and on
5621
: " - "? Subject What is food for the NSA line eater
? line for NSA the " being : what - food " subject eater
5624
: " "< ...@ . > Email Peanutjake peanutjak usa com
> Peanutjake " < " : email peanutjak...@usa.com
5625
: . Groups misc consumers
misc.consumers groups :
5628
: . . / . . : . . FROM GEORGE WALKER BUSH 202 456 1414 202 456 1111 FAX 202 456 2461
/ : from fax WALKER BUSH GEORGE 202.456.1414 202.456.2461 : 202.456.1111
5636
- , , - . .- . This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling out with his Iraqi partner who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait a wholly owned U S British subsidiary
neighboring iraqi emirate wholly venture to he - being in this , . the a falling revenue - by with owned acquire Kuwait unsuccessful additional oil U.S. partner out - followed subsidiary who sought of a british , soon sources
5637
- - . . ($ , , , ). My father re secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty one billion U S dollars 61 000 000 000
a of of sixty U.S. 1991 re-secured at billion one father - ( petroleum 61,000,000,000 . assets the my in $ dollars cost ) Kuwait
5638
. But my father's former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves
and father in partner 's iraqi of . business remained reserves my control former but its Iraq republic petroleum of the
5640
, , ($ , , , - $ , , , ), - . Unfortunately our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars 100 000 000 000 200 000 000 000 both in the initial acquisition and in long term management
term shoulder both , 100 not ) burden of partners in this of in upcoming may its initial the acquisition to to cost , . billion 200,000,000,000 1991 sum 200 ( billion the , - dollars phase unfortunately willing $ - which new venture from long $ the in management we 100,000,000,000 and being
5643
- , , , , . Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice president of the United States of America Richard Cheney who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company and Condoleeza Rice whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her
States being Chevron and oil oil in and venture , the Halliburton include of vice-president original tanker venture we a colleagues the , to professional distinguished business she of Rice former naming transaction sitting a . of being after the of , company Iraq in whose the United the this demonstrated head in Richard the dedication partner who America Condoleeza , Cheney
5644
- ( - %) . I would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty five percent 10 25 of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture
income we twenty five you beseech . a would % percent aid I account sum to to ten venture yearly you 25 transfer equaling - to to in 10 of this ( ) important -
5651
- , . If you do not wish to co operate in this transaction please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter
discuss further doing intermediary transaction you please in to co-operate to the matter we not if , representatives contact this . wish
5656
: . . : . . : . . - : ...@ . George Walker Bush Switchboard 202 456 1414 Comments 202 456 1111 Fax 202 456 2461 e mail presid whitehouse gov
comments 202.456.1414 202.456.2461 presid...@whitehouse.gov e-mail Walker : : 202.456.1111 George : : switchboard Bush fax
5662
" ," . They're just pushing them aside he said
" " , they he just pushing saying aside being . they
5663
, , . Amid worsening conditions officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20 000 people took shelter
conditions . to stadium officials a New worsening where peoples Orleans , up shelter evacuate to took 20,000 plan amid
5666
" , ," . It's a very very desperate situation Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said
very being " very desperate Louisiana , Governor Kathleen a Blanco . " it saying , situation
5668
" ". One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was hell
escaping . resident the saying Orleans hell " " of being from one storm New
5670
," . It was complete chaos Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency
, agency the Kioka Press complete Williams . chaos being news it Associated " told
5673
- , , ( , ) . Walls keeping water out of the bowl shaped city have been breached and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1 350kg 3 000lb sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps
( being into shaped out water breached . the kg 3,000 , walls teams bowl 1,350 and have keeping drop sandbags being - helicopters ) concrete of using to emergency and gaps city the lb barriers
5678
% , ( ) . New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said up to 80 of the city was submerged in some cases by waters 6m 20ft deep
submerged in city to New of ( up some by Ray ) % mayor 20 Nagin , ms fts saying Orleans cases 80 being the waters . 6 deep
5680
" ( ) ," . Some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet some 3m of water he said
sections of or of city " he " 10 water now could dry ( the being see , some ms nine saying . ) 3 some feet which
5681
, . The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters and the government's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes
they of saying to Corps to homes flood not , get having back Army the a 's agency disaster the to Engineers month US waters evacuees take clear could government . and relief the urged try to it
5682
. The BBC's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out
in . Leithead panic Alastair saying New run 's as there the supplies out Orleans being BBC vital
5684
- , . While some looters are stealing non essential goods others are simply trying to find food and water
and , non-essential find goods simply while water food trying some looters others stealing being to being .
5685
'Hundreds dead'
dead ' ' hundreds
5687
" ," . You're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast a state official said
" saying official , coast to " at . being along dead hundreds being you looking the stated a going
5691
" ," . I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air
that viewing looking from I Haley years the like the Mississippi being " only Governor 60 " . Barbour Hiroshima destruction what saying after imagine this air can ago ,
5695
, ( ) " ". In Biloxi 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m 30ft storm surge
hit 30 one 9 m being block of 30 ( dead in being , by a " reported in flats storm surge ) Biloxi which ft . " peoples
5696
" ", . The town's death toll may be in the hundreds municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said
the , 's hundreds saying may " Creel toll Vincent the death being town municipal " . in spokesman
5698
. Louisiana's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome
's . overcome urged to prayer in would residents spend Governor eventually Wednesday the they Blanco Louisiana being and crisis assured
5699
Follow Katrina's path
follow 's path Katrina
5702
$ . Damage estimates of more than 25bn suggest it could be the US insurance industry's most expensive natural disaster ever
$ 's disaster being suggest of than natural bn more expensive damage . industry US could insurance ever it 25 the most estimates
5703
$ . . The price of crude oil on the international market hit a record 70 85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico
$ . a the a vulnerability of the of the to due fields barrel international on hit record market price crude and of the Gulf in oil Mexico 70.85 gas oil
5713
: $ . List Price 2 00
2.00 price list $ :
5714
: : Posted 25 Oct 2004 18 32 PDT
posted 2004 : 18:32 Oct 25 pdt
5715
: : Expires 24 Nov 2004 17 32 PST
Nov 17:32 24 expires 2004 pst :
5720
: - : Answered By googlenut ga on 25 Oct 2004 19 14 PDT
on 19:14 pdt 25 by 2004 answered Oct ga - googlenut :
5722
, , . . $ . . On September 21 2004 the U S Senate Appropriations Committee approved 16 379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005
2004 U.S. for in NASA , billion , 2005 Senate the fiscal Appropriations approved 16.379 funding for September . on 21 $ Committee years
5724
. . U S Senate Committee on Appropriations
Senate on Committee Appropriations U.S.
5727
" ( ): $ . , $ , $ . National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA is funded at 16 379 billion an increase of 200 million over the FY04 enacted level and a reduction of 665 million from the budget request
a increase Space of fy04 the ( $ and being , and $ the Administration funded , 200 level Aeronautics budget 665 a from 16.379 " NASA billion reduction million ) : million request enacted at over . $ National of
5728
$ . An additional 800 million in emergency funding was added for NASA during the Committee's consideration of the bill
consideration . for 's funding $ committee of added million NASA a being in 800 bills the during the additional emergency
5729
-- $ . , . The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at 4 319 billion the requested level from the Administration
activities return level the . 4.319 , $ the billion flight at funded program to -- administration for requested from the being shuttle the
5730
-- $ . . The International Space Station is funded at 1 6 billion
International Station $ being funded billion 1.6 the . at Space --
5736
( ): $ , ." Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation NRC is funded at 115 million the same as FY04 and the budget request
: Corporation being $ as funded million Reinvestment " ) at ( , NRC 115 the the budget and . request Neighborhood same fy04
5737
. Spacetoday net
spacetoday.net
5739
" $ . The Senate Appropriations Committee used a somewhat controversial technique Tuesday to increase NASA's fiscal year 2005 budget by 200 million over what President Bush requested
President million years . 200 over " Senate Bush 's by NASA Appropriations increase budget to used 2005 Tuesday what fiscal controversial $ somewhat the technique a requested Committee
5740
$ . , $ $ ." The committee voted to give NASA 16 4 billion in 2005 about 200 million more than what the President requested and over 1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July
more $ 1 NASA approved in President billion than about " the million 200 , and more committee $ appropriators 16.4 in requested than the what House to July $ over . what giving 2005 voted billion
5748
: _ - : From saem aero ga on 26 Oct 2004 18 11 PDT
from ga Oct pdt 18:11 - saem_aero 26 2004 : on
5754
- , , , , , , , . . Let me put it this way If you have watched TV recently crossed a modern bridge flown in an airplane recieved any form of modern medicine did any mathematics drove a car used a cellular phone etc then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which NASA has returned to us
, having , airplane I , a if TV put modern . have then bridge somehow lets it this modern way medicine cellular mathematics etc. recently phone of have reaped crossed a - , cars , rewards to we flown directly you returned a done a drove , any any in watched used NASA recieved , you form the which
5757
: : ! : - : Subject Re NASA IS A WASTE From jaqamofino ga on 26 Apr 2005 06 02 PDT
2005 from being ga 06:02 waste - pdt Apr NASA : : ! a subject on jaqamofino : re 26
5758
, , . i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers' money but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies that i find it best not to think about it
of so about waste find be to that not NASA a , that believe payers i money best huge think there being of many tax payers it money but ' . i huge tax waste it ,
5760
, , , , . of course in a perfect world tax payers' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program and housing for the homeless but this is far from a perfect world
' from . some being of this , toward the healthcare and course tax in but world would perfect homeless world sort a money , payers a for , program perfect , go housing of far national
5761
: ? in response to Steve's comment do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the ONLY way to invent the cellfone
? comments way 's exploration invent only space spending response being to : the really that to the trillions over cellfone on you the Steve doing years believe in
5800
, , . She doesn't have the funds to continue without the grant and without these treatments her prognosis is grim
being . , does without without continue the these have prognosis , not to she treatments she and funds the grant grim
5807
: , , : . . : . . WHEN JUNE 12 2005 2 00 P M TO 2 00 A M
JUNE p.m. to 2:00 : 2:00 , , 12 2005 when a.m.
5810
- , ! Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non Hodgkin lymphoma and she needs your help
Abby being friend non-hodgkin she Freeman having you better help who we lymphoma and , ! needs
5815
, ..... . We'll have four bands and Big D is cookin' lots of fun and great prizes
lots four , have and will of prizes Big and being ..... bands cookin' . great fun we D
5816
!! This is an event you don't want to miss
event you not !! to miss being this doing a want
5824
( : / / ) Filed 19 11 2004
( : ) filed 19/11/2004
5825
. China's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan
far globe seeks away energy being the demand and . fears financial around reliable prompting from Brazil as supplies for diplomatic insatiable as as 's of oil collisions Sudan and China it of
5826
. An intrusion into Japanese territorial waters by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with Brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences of China's soaring economic growth
unconnected deal chinese the Brazil trade week latest growth lasted economic waters China consequences a being apparently nuclear with territorial into by soaring a 's of and japanese . submarine a intrusion
5830
, , " ". But even before the incident the People's Daily the government mouthpiece had commented that competition over the East China Sea between the two countries was only a prelude of the game between China and Japan in the arena of international energy
the only the over of the government between . " that , People China but games , two mouthpiece being countries Japan the " incident China commented arena the between international Daily energy a the prelude 's even Sea of having before the and competition East in
5833
" ". For the United States and Europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of China's relations with pariah states
issues even for with relations States " states China sensitive pariah " more concerned the of the United more . and being Europe far 's with
5835
$ , . It has invested 3 billion in the African country's oil industry which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs
seven african $ needs , invested cent 3 . country with its the having per billion industry which supplies of oil it it 's in
5836
, , - . Then this month it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran's nuclear stand off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council
Energy Security International saying opposed , Agency off month Iran Atomic - nuclear this stand , to Nations refer it it then United Council with 's the the to moves . that
5837
, $ , . A week before China's second biggest state oil firm had signed a 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needs
's , of per a 's already a oil gas before China natural firm signed billion needs and $ supplies with 70 having development oilfield which , week cent Iran 13 for biggest deal . stated second China
5840
, . This year it overtook Japan as the world's second largest consumer of energy behind the US
world , years it this energy of as overtook largest 's US the the behind . consumer Japan second
5845
. The two are also set to clash over Russia's oil wealth
wealth two the over clash . Russia set oil to 's being also
5849
, . Increasingly analysts are saying that China's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests
in saying even 's have , what safe that increasingly beyond its being interests China . went or being efforts analysts own
5851
" ," . Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world he said
of in be oil will . he this gas nobody there and a world , lot " thinks the of " saying that part
5852
" ." It may be a difficult political issue but I don't think the energy content is worthwhile
difficult but doing I being a . energy think being " worthwhile it political " not the content issue may
5854
" , , , , , , ," , , . If China's economy falters which in my view appears increasingly likely then commodity prices will plummet and with them the value of the assets that produce them Jason Kindopp Eurasia's lead China analyst said
, assets and , China , my in , , that appears " " the they produce lead then they the view Jason commodity Eurasia prices of Kindopp , , . which increasingly saying , 's will , with China 's plummet falters economy analyst valuing likely if
5855
" , ." Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them
situation " early of assets in Beijing up being it may forced to . fraction " for 1990 sell they paid a what , where a end Japan it overseas for recently purchased
5856
. China's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its international standing in the next decade
its international wider being in the to aggression next and to gas China 's the secure . decade greatest threat oil standing
5857
" ," . Sudan is the primary example he said
he the saying " " primary being Sudan . example ,
5858
" ." It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain
initiated Security Council years the its " and . in recent the France promised marks against and " power United it by time UN to in wield Great a that first backed petition China by having veto States the Britain
5859
: ...@ . Email dharmad gmail com
dharmad...@gmail.com email :
5874
, ( ), , . Visualize the vivid beautiful colours of the earth its flowers and plants the sea next to you and the sky above you
and sky sea you ) beautiful its visualize above next of the the . flowers colours vivid to , and plants the ( , earth you , the
5883
( , ). And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra breathe in with Baba Nam breathe out with Kevalam
baba ) so kevalam kevalam continue out the mantra breathe in while with using with ( nam breathe . baba , and nam doing
5889
, . The sun's rays and warmth are still with you surrounding you
. rays and you the 's warmth with sun surrounding , being still you
5902
, . Imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain and that it's the most peaceful place you can think of
mountain peaceful can of . being and being of place most think you on a you top the , that imagine sitting it
5903
, . Feel that you're sitting there in complete peace right on top of the world
complete the . of right sitting being , that there peace you in top on feel world
5905
. Feel you're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness
by that and happiness infinite being completely you peace feel . surrounded
5907
" ". Its meaning is Infinite happiness is everywhere
happiness being its " . meaning " everywhere being infinite
5908
, ( ) ( ). Feel the meaning don't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit BABA NAM KEVALAM to an English meaning Infinite peace and happiness
nam just . ( happiness a feel infinite Sanskrit the , baba wordy english not ) peace from ( of and ) try to kevalam to its meaning meaning doing meaning translate thinking or
5909
, , , , . Think internally intuitively not by words of the meaning as you're repeating it
being intuitively not meaning , , it . thinking repeating words of , as , you by internally the
5914
, . Feel you're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you
, feel in happiness endless direct peace being around peace that by you and . of own being and that all you infinite surrounded existence and feel with sense happiness you contact
5917
:). OK that is fairly basic
fairly . that ok being basic :)
5918
- . The important point is to develop some psycho spiritual connection between your mind and the universal Consciousness or Supreme Consciousness
universal the point between to psycho-spiritual connection consciousness supreme you the important develop being mind some and or . consciousness
5919
- . Don't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation that's normal
if and worry having - troubles doing not the that on being . ideation concentrating mantra normal you
5922
, . If you don't practice then nothing happens
not nothing practice if . doing happens you , then
5923
, ! Well maybe a miracle could happen but lets face it we're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques
, day miracle s face could well techniques lets so maybe and require but ! being it to happen we practical day peoples ordinary a
5927
. But that’s not the case
being . that case not the but
5929
, . One of “NCRC4ME’s” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “Declaration of Religious Leaders ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature
legislature of the of signatures members which . for to leaders NCRC4ME " being " , 's religious " major efforts of and will the " to declaration presented attached having collect being one again been NC
5930
, - , , . It presents the case for marriage equality and states “We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights responsibilities and commitments of civil marriage ”
same and being responsibilities interfere fully we marry for resolved the choose gender , presents with couples case . commitments in civil equally not " the share and marriage , that - State of to it should states marriage , the who equality rights and and "
5935
( , . ) Since the Declaration is written as coming from “religious leaders ” people who don’t consider themselves “religious leaders” can sign as “Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality ”
for peoples can ) supporters " as . religious not who sign the leaders " Religious doing ( the coming from Marriage Equality " Coalition written " since declaration consider as themselves religious , of being " North leaders Carolina "
5938
- . , . Sign up lists will be available at the services on Feb 27 and March 6 or you can email me
I on , - at up the . March available and services or 6 you Feb. will email lists sign can being 27
5939
( ) . I will email names and email addresses or postal addresses of signers to NCRC4ME in time for their “lobby day” in Raleigh on March 15
day Raleigh names to " of ) email they addresses email ( or 15 will and I March addresses for lobby on postal time . NCRC4ME signers in in "
5942
- - ...@ . Dudley Cate 828 296 8466 jodud aol com
Cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com Dudley
5949
" , , , ." The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the “inalienable rights” of human beings to life liberty the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor and the pursuit of happiness
enjoyment labor the " rights " inalienable beings Carolina and own of happiness liberty of the of likewise the the life of , " , the . to human North , they affirms Constitution fruits pursuit "
5968
, - - Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze FL 850 748 0740
Tom Breeze 850-748-0740 Gulf FL , Dempsey
5969
: < ...@ . > Email Bill McGinnis bmc patriot net
< McGinnis bmc...@patriot.net : email Bill >
5974
, , , , . Under our Constitution this nomination cannot take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent as described in our Constitution Article II Section 2
effect this section can gives until Senate constitution we and States consent 2 , constitution . , unless United , described article ii its not take in the as nomination we under ,
5975
, , :// . / . A copy of the Constitution with links back to the official source is located at http loveallpeople org usconstitutiona txt
to being the source at with located copy , a , the constitution official of http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt back links
5981
" ," , - , ; , . He demonstrates an excellent Judicial Temperament being courteous mild mannered respectful of all people careful in his work meticulous in detail
all careful demonstrates , , excellent respectful of - peoples courteous mannered being he mild . " he in judicial , " temperament a in work ; meticulous detail ,
5982
- . His co workers love him
co-workers he . he love
5986
, . Yes it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court
, vote Supreme they he some . the it the way Court that on not yes being will thought doing true peoples likes
5988
, ; ( . , ) - . So now the Senate is getting ready to vote soon on whether to approve him or not and at this moment evening of Jan 27 2006 it looks like he has more than the fifty one votes needed for approval
so now votes fifty this vote approval . whether at being approve than the looks of , more Jan. , not he soon ) Senate 27 on evening the or having - getting to like and ; to ready one he 2006 moment it for ( needed
5991
: " , ." There is an old saying that applies in this situation Act in haste repent at leisure
: being repent there old at saying applies in that act " a situation , haste this in leisure . "
5993
, , - - : " " , " ," - . That is what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito in my opinion because he has one tragic flaw a very serious blind spot in his thinking which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court Justice He does not really agree with the system of Checks and Balances built into the Constitution and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the Unitary Executive Theory which calls for vastly increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court
judge he , tragic . , calls " follow with Unitary what does in agree Congress being Supreme being a completely he with opinion and Court into thinking having power to , Court about presidential spot Supreme the serious happen he - constitution vastly , checks that " not one ready down he my being Theory he to blind makes increased Executive at order and tearing Alito of very - justice the " Samuel built to because and of : the flaw start - balances expense the the for unacceptable for really " the position it which in of in system which
5995
" , ." He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances Giving Far Too Much Power To The President
of we the far much balances down " . system checks tear and too " giving , he to would President power
6006
:// . . / . ? = & _ = Testimony at http judiciary senate gov testimony cfm id 1725 wit id 4905
http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905 testimony at
6007
:// . . Descriptions and Links at http www UnitaryExecutive net
and at http://www.unitaryexecutive.net descriptions links
6011
. , :// . . :// . . Rev Bill McGinnis Director http www LoveAllPeople org and http www InternetchurchOfChrist org
and http://www.loveallpeople.org Bill director , McGinnis Rev. http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org
6014
:// . . / . :// . . / . http www loveallpeople org theonereasonwhy html and http www loveallpeople org theonereasonwhy txt
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and
6016
( . ) # , ...@ . CONTACT William McGinnis Rev Bill McGinnis 1908 Mt Vernon Ave 2543 Alexandria VA 22301 7037686710 bmc patriot net
22301 VA 7037686710 # 1908 Bill William Mt ( bmc...@patriot.net 2543 ) , contact Ave McGinnis Vernon McGinnis Alexandria Rev.
6028
Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program's goals
the keep efforts in about outsiders program dark secretive 's the goals
6032
, , . China launched Shenzhou VI its second manned spacecraft early today in northwest China's Gansu Province
's Gansu China northwest , in spacecraft China Province todays second , launched . Shenzhou manned VI its early
6033
, . A pair of military pilots embarked on China's second manned space flight early today hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days
. hurtling China manned second into could days pilots space flight early test span 's that on orbit military of , embarked todays mission a a five pair on
6034
, , , , . The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong 40 and Nie Haishen 41 by China's official news agency
as VI the . by 's Shenzhou 41 Haishen news crew official , China , spacecraft Nie , the agency , Junlong identified of and Fei 40 being
6042
," - . They want a program that will be a success Johnson Freese said
. a Freese that want " saying success will , a being Johnson program they -
6043
" , . They are not going to rush it because they don't want it to be a budget buster
they to " not budget it , because to want they it being rush . a being doing going buster not
6044
." Economics will be a big determiner in the speed of their program
. the determiner being economics speed bigger a they in of will program "
6046
. The freeze thawed some after Yang's 2003 mission
's some mission 2003 . the thawed freeze Yang after
6047
- - . China was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to NASA sponsored roundtable discussions on Bush's strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as the first step in the exploration of Mars and other deep space destinations
Bush step . send delegate discussions Mars being on nations other to the destinations NASA to a astronauts the roundtable among strategy sponsored the as space 's of reach exploration - and moon first to deep invited China - 30 with in
6048
" ," . We applaud China's space achievements NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday
space we Beutel spokesman " 's Tuesday NASA China saying applaud achievements . " , Allard
6049
" ." We wish them a successful return of their astronauts
. of " " astronauts they return successful wish they we a
6050
, , . He stressed however that NASA would not follow this week's Chinese mission through formal channels
's however this through would . not that he , follow formal stressed week mission , channels chinese NASA
6053
, , - . The first phase she said will demonstrate the capability of a multi compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth
Earth first a leaving the . the when capability , will orbit in module saying multi-compartment of phase will a return the to two spacecraft test , demonstrate fliers she that
6054
. The Chinese program's second phase will include spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques
missions and chinese undocking 's will the on of include . phase second docking program future demonstrations techniques and spacewalks
6056
. At least one expert believes China's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA's planned lunar return
moon return believes might intentions least with include expert to one planned circle at China a 's lunar astronauts surprise before 's attempt the . NASA
6057
" ," . , , .- . , . The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly said John E Pike director of the Alexandria Va based GlobalSecurity org a small national security think tank
, accordingly of - based Alexandria small " " , to globalsecurity.org director saying a Pike tank the national being security think Americans Va. John wise the , would E. plan , .
6058
" , ," . There is always the possibility they could jam us up make us look like we are not numero uno Pike said
being the Pike , , like could numero saying making up jam possibility they we . look there not we " always we " being uno
6059
. . , . During the U S and Russian lunar race during the Cold War NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays
and lunar 8 during by moon race russian Apollo crew circling over NASA . U.S. Cold the the early coup 1968 a War the the Christmas scored , the holidays with during
6061
"( ) ," . China could be the second country to do that Pike said
) that country ( China doing , could " being to the . second " Pike saying
6063
." And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch
" down a we land to . would and not to they moon the take have on notch
6064
- , , . Pike's concern is based on China's development of a new medium lift rocket the Long March V and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea
and - lift based medium new South concern China 's new Long a . development , on China Island in the Sea on a March launch , rocket space of complex the V 's Hainan the construction Pike of being
6065
, , . The two developments he said could eventually enable China's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home
launch the 's developments astronauts saying Earth from . to space home two moon the with , that capable to point eventually of , and mature could the could 's a experts he circling returning and spacecraft assemble program China enable orbit
6066
. ...@ . mark carr chron com
mark.carr...@chron.com
6067
: " "< ...@ . > Email righter righ sonic net
righter email righ...@sonic.net " " : > <
6068
: . . . , . , . . , . . . , . . , . . , . . . , . . , . . . , . . . Groups alt animals rights promotion alt animals alt animals cat alt animals ethics vegetarian alt animals lion alt animals tiger alt animals felines diseases alt animals dog alt animals horses breeding alt animals felines snowleopards
alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian alt.animals.dogs , alt.animals alt.animals.horses.breeding alt.animals.tiger , , , alt.animals.cats , : , groups , alt.animals.lion alt.animals.rights.promotion alt.animals.felines.snowleopards alt.animals.felines.diseases , ,
6069
, . I'm a member of a local animal rights news and get regular emails from other members and the staff
other news animal . of a emails , members I local regular a staff being the members get rights and and from
6073
" " , , . It has cat's Meowing for the vocals and you might really find yourself in those furnaces feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die
those cats they yourself die and in . feelings before thinking terrible for find " vocals thoughts that you having , " really might 's the doing feeling and furnaces meowing it these and those , cats
6074
, , , , , , , . Right now while we're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet those innocent beautiful loving cats are dying somewhere in this troubled world a slow agonizing death
we enjoying dying , in agonizing world somewhere , internet , a . we troubled this death sitting innocent slow while at beautiful right those the loving , being cats now being , computers , ,
6077
, ??? If I love cats so much why aren't I DOING something
I cats doing if why being love something , I so much ??? not
6078
. I don't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I didn't do anything like this in my life
have in want like before doing anything life not explain I this on . appear my to doing day why to I not judgment and doing God
6080
: Here's the text of the email
text of the email : the here being
6082
, , , - , . I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago and tonight when my Mom emailed me about it I re read it and went to the website with the song the author of the email created
civet email to I it and about , going created I the emailed the . cats the , I while re-read tonight the the ago story a author of website mom it little from and when , with my read song ,
6083
, , " ," , , , . Well sure enough when I heard the cats Meowing I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living what went on in their tiny sweet little minds and decided that I want to do something about this torture
creatures " beautiful when , in , I hellish on and , this of what sure little . going to poor moments living I " they enough sweet cats these God the , well torture that tiny heard , being something meowing about , the doing I decided want minds imagined
6084
, , ! So if anyone can give me some advice I'd sure appreciate it
, advice can I , ! appreciate giving I anyone so if would it some sure
6088
. It's also got the website where the song has been uploaded
also where being website the geted uploaded it having song the being .
6089
, , , - . I was thinking that while I'm sitting here relaxing and enjoying myself those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust esque death chambers
enjoying relaxing heat . myself , and poor with holocaust-esque death chambers being that , , to in being thinking innocent those while being cooked were animals death I those I sitting here
6091
: < ...@ . > From Travis Job t sonic net
: from t...@sonic.net Travis > Job <
6092
: , : : - Date Thu 11 Mar 2004 02 39 27 0800
- 0800 Mar : Thu 02:39:27 , date 2004 11
6093
: < ...@ . > To SPAR s sonic net
to > < SPAR s...@sonic.net :
6096
, , , - . I'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats but to brief those who might not know I will quote James Rachels author of World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights related books and articles
not know Hunger to knew and related I quote but author Rachels those among of being other James of if any will Moral much rights , cats . , animal books Obligation civet - World brief might and who I many , sure articles not about you
6097
( - ). I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non human animals
the he of kind being theory utilitarianism I animals see ( for rights being to theory animal to Peter ) Singer non-human applied as to of .
6098
" ` " The quote is from an article entitled Vegetarianism and The Other Weight Problem'
being ' the quote Other Vegetarianism and article ` " the from Problem a Weight " entitled
6106
( " " .) The heat increases their production of musk
( . increases production " " musk ) heat the they of
6107
--" ; "-- . Here Kant's rule Animals are merely means to an end that end is man is applied with a vengeance
being with being a Kant " ; here . " animals being means end man -- -- 's a that merely vengeance to rule end applied
6108
, ." To promote one of the most trivial interests we have thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives
animals we they promote the " lives one of most of trivial , for whole thousands tormented having . to interests being
6110
, , , . If anyone is interested in listening to this song and in offering their opinion whether it be positive or negative I'd appreciate it
whether being to , negative appreciate they . I it if , anyone in this offering interested or song in positive would opinion , and being listening it
6111
, ( ). But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine 28k
internet connection 28 you k one to ) feels mine as no a having I especially slow obligation if but , ( download . hope also any
6112
:// . . /~ / - . The url for the song is http www sonic net fsjob TragiCore TheCivetCat mp3
url song http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3 being for the the
6114
, , . Again if anyone wants to read Rachels' entire article let me know
Rachels read , to wanting anyone article , I if again lets entire . know '
6115
. It's also on the net
also . it on the being net
6122
. Heisenberg wasn't sure
not . being Heisenberg sure
6129
: - . I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it I don't care about the useless pre fabricated crap this message usually says
the . to not usually pre-fabricated and messages doing : bulletin found useless crap this a care on board this I it try saying decided I about
6131
- . Continue pre fab crap
continue crap pre-fab .
6136
, $ . . In my first week I made about 25 00
25.00 week in make about $ my . first I ,
6137
$ . !! By the end of the second week I had made a total of more than 1000 00
more the of a total by I having !! end second than 1000.00 $ make week of the
6138
$ , . !! In the third week I had more than 10 000 00 and it's still growing
still than being $ week and it the in third growing !! have 10,000.00 more I
6139
$ , . . This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of 42 000 00 and it's still coming rapidly
42,000.00 I rapidly this and now it $ fourth week being of and being coming still a have . make my total
6140
$ . , !!! It's certainly worth 6 00 and six stamps and I have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning
on spent I it 6.00 and , and more ever lottery that being $ have certainly without !!! winning six the worth stamps than
6147
. It's easy
easy . being it
6148
. It's legal
it being . legal
6149
, $ . ( ) !!! And your investment is only 6 00 Plus postage
you , only !!! 6.00 being and ( $ investment plus postage )
6151
- , ; ; - !! This is not a rip off it is decent it's legal and it is virtually no risk it really works
rip off - it , and it really no works this legal being a ; being decent virtually being being - risk !! it ; it not
6154
, $ , . Please follow the directions EXACTLY and 50 000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days
60 exactly days or . directions in to yours the , being follow 20 can $ and 50,000 more please
6157
. You will now become apart of the Mail Order business
order the a become . you will part of mail now business
6163
" ." Get six separate pieces of paper and write the following on each piece of paper PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST
piece pieces " paper and separate mailing following put list on on write " the six . each get please of I of paper you
6164
. . $ . ( ). Now get 6 U S 1 00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope to prevent thievery
so $ U.S. now being the of thievery six one envelope to through seen not ( each inside place prevent will bills ) the of of . and 6 pieces paper 1.00 the bills get
6166
, , , $ . . You now should have six sealed envelopes each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase your name and address and a 1 00 bill
a stating piece $ and should of each bills sealed a phrase 1.00 you address and name now have above six with envelopes the paper , you , . ,
6168
!!!!! THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL
legal !!!! this absolutely being !
6171
. . ( - - - ) !! So I checked it out with the U S Post Office 1 800 238 5355 and they confirmed that it is indeed legal
U.S. with that out !! 1-800-238-5355 Post confirmed so the and I being ( it Office checked legal ) they it indeed
6173
) . / 1 G Burrows 1 264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia
4350 G. Australia Burrows St Tor / QLD Toowoomba 1 ) 264 1
6174
) . . , 2 S Luest P O Box 366 Garden Grove CA 92842 USA
box , 92842 Luest p.o. ) Garden Grove USA S 366 2 CA
6175
) . . & . , # , 3 G V A Bourret 41 Broome St 1 Brooklyn NY 11222 USA
Broome V. 3 , USA St 1 Bourret 41 , A. G. & Brooklyn 11222 ) # NY
6176
) . . 4 R Ansems Gen Foulkesstraat 5 4641 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands
4641 Ansems 5 ) BW Gen. Netherlands Ossendrecht Foulkesstraat 4 R.
6177
) . # , 5 W Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite 31 Columbus Ohio 43228
Columbus Hilton Ohio Suite , ) Brumbley W. 31 43228 5 # 4632 Ave
6182
( , ) I think there are close to 24 000 groups
close 24,000 to ( I groups thought ) there be
6185
, . & . If you have any doubts refer to Title 18 Sec 1302 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws
1341 postal having doubts laws if to of , sec. any . 1302 the refer & title 18 lottery you
6192
( , $ ). Also it might be a good idea to wrap the 1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft
better reduce , paper 1 the to bills ) of mail dark it . being a to theft $ ( also the might wrap in risk idea
6195
$ . ( $ . ) What an opportunity for only 6 00 1 00 for each of the first six people listed above
) $ peoples opportunity 1.00 first listed ( only $ a for each for the 6.00 above what of six
6196
, !!! Send it now add your own name to the list and you're in business
list to own business you and now !!! add you the it name send being in ,
6197
***** !!!***** DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS
to for post directions to ***** how !!! ***** groups news
6198
: - . STEP ONE You do not need to re type this entire letter to do your own posting
to to posting one you entire doing this not . step letter : you own re-type doing need
6199
, . Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to the bottom of this document and select 'copy' from the edit menu
this put of you of the cursor and . , this select copy to at documents beginning simply ' the bottom ' and cursor edit from the letter you menu drag
6200
. This will copy the entire letter into the computer's memory
the . the this will 's copy letter entire into computer memory
6202
. Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page
at file you the of ' the ' . a and place cursor notepad top page blank blank open
6203
. From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'
. ' ' the paste select ' from menu edit '
6207
, . If you want to do your posting in different settings you'll always have this file to go back to
to this doing to posting to . want different file settings have you back in always will if you go you ,
6211
. You're done
. you done being
6213
!! THAT'S IT
that being !! it
6216
: ? Blue Planet Who's afraid of Big Bad Wolf
being : afraid Blue who of Bad Planet Wolf Big ?
6219
, , . ( ) -- Boulder CO Feb 23 UPI
Boulder ( UPI 23 ) -- Feb. , , CO
6220
- , . Ever since he ate up Red Riding Hood's grandma and blew down the houses of two thirds of the Three Little Pigs the Big Bad Wolf has held a persistently bad reputation
and Red of Three eated . persistently down 's thirds Riding the held the ever Hood having since Bad houses , up the Big - he Pigs Wolf bad a grandmas reputation two blew Little of
6221
, , . In part because of that reputation the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake Superior
wolves states in 1920 except in exterminated part . the being lower the 48 small from 's of a by reputation , because National for Michigan nearly Isle the Lake , that remnant Royale on population Superior Park gray
6231
, . Over time the wolf's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image
. 's rehabilitate , seemed its image to absence wolves over time the
6233
, . . -- - . This trickle grew into a flood resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U S Fish and Wildlife Service albeit over the strong and still continuing objections of ranchers
still Fish resulting and -- by Wildlife , in - over Service strong a continuing trickle being objections this ranchers grew and the the albeit flood in reintroduced of into Yellowstone . wolves in 1995 U.S. 14
6237
- , " " -- . OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream bank stabilization although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of the ecology of fear something that smacks of the horrible PR resulting from the wolf's relationships with Riding Hood and the Three Pigs
something - the they , and stream ecology promote given have found Three the that OSU the have the of of relationships " smacks although resulting fear that wolves -- 's actually pr wolves forestry William unfortunate Ripple professors with the horrible Pigs Hood name " from and of Robert . Beschta bank stabilization the phenomenon Riding
6240
" ," , . . , , All you have to do is look at the photographs Ed Bangs wolf recovery coordinator for the U S Fish and Wildlife Service told UPI's Blue Planet
look Blue , for " , Service photographs having , told you all U.S. doing Wildlife 's " the Fish at coordinator to , the UPI and Planet Ed Bangs recovery being wolves
6241
" , ! You say 'wow '
' you ! , " says ' wow
6242
." An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow
" now used that ball bald a sea willow to billiard a . as being being a area of
6245
, . Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park's northern range before the wolves returned now there are nine
returned there in park the one having beaver before colony , there only nine now 's range northern wolves the been be where .
6246
" ," . It may be uninteresting to a lot of people Beschta told Blue Planet
it a of lot " told " to . peoples Blue may uninteresting Beschta being Planet ,
6247
" , ? There's a lot of impact on plants and they say 'Who cares '
cares says " impact of and on who ' ? lot ' a they , plants being there
6248
. But we've been looking at streamside communities
but at . we looking being communities streamside have
6250
. It's important with regard to the quality of streams
to the with . regard of being streams it quality important
6252
." Plants are critical to wildland ecosystems
to being plants critical " . wildland ecosystems
6255
" ," , . I'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations however he cautioned
generalizations he broad making being " . , however pretty suspicious I of cautioned " ,
6257
. They've only been there for 10 years
only 10 being they . there years for have
6258
." In 10 more years we'll have a better idea
in . more have will " a years better we idea 10
6259
, , . Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service has moved to reduce the animal's status from endangered to threatened and eventually to remove it from the endangered species list altogether
from animal having Rockies reintroduction reduce list , 's in and to altogether status the Service and to moved eventually the species from endangered Fish northern endangered wolves , . so the threatened successful to the it Wildlife having being remove
6262
. , . . On Jan 31 Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E Jones appeared to agree with them
District with , they E. appeared Judge . Jan. on Court Oregon Jones Federal Robert to agree 31
6263
. He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status
vacated status he . to decision 's the FWS wolves the downgrade
6265
, . Regardless of the wolf's legal status its future expansion into new areas now seems likely
the wolves of expansion into now future legal areas its seems 's new , regardless likely . status
6268
, , " ." Meanwhile his reputation seems to be improving although Bangs noted a pretty interesting social dynamic
" . a meanwhile dynamic noted Bangs social seems although pretty to he being , improving " interesting reputation ,
6269
, , . There are only about 850 wolves in the West but there are an estimated 31 000 mountain lions
850 be there there mountain be lions about 31,000 a . , but only wolves estimated west the in
6276
, , . True there are about 300 000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States
kept and as States in about wolves the pets , . there hybrids wolves be 300,000 true United
6282
- : ...@ . E mail sciencem upi com
e-mail sciencem...@upi.com :
6286
, , . ( ) -- Boulder CO Nov 15 UPI
Nov. -- UPI , ( , CO ) Boulder 15
6287
-- -- , , . Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius or Fahrenheit the planet is warming and what the trend portends but meanwhile Earth's plants insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome
many 's Fahrenheit Earth . and argue plants warming not for how animals meanwhile what planet and insects being trend but about want the -- waiting the or outcome -- portends degrees scientists they can Celsius the , being , all
6289
- , . It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non human natural world to changing conditions and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming
conditions being the being response being of the , surest years . acknowledging warming one the aware some the responses world it for climate warming have out barometers the changing biosphere biologists non-human study of the turns to and who global of natural
6291
-- . Phenology studies an organism's development and life cycle the pulse of life
a -- studies organism the life 's of life development cycle phenology . and pulse
6292
, . Bradley's record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999 spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data
than in , higher in to data Bradley several 300 found spring earlier years that 1999 prior of 's record being phenophases of arriving she . earlier weeks even the latitudes
6295
- . The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid May
forest late mid-May . blooming instead April being phlox in the of
6299
" , - ," " ," . One of the major most well documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities concluded a report titled Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week
Change , reported the ecological crucial the - Global Global the , " the by and titled distribution past Pew concluded geographical one having the in being most robust ecology of and released over the of , " lasted species Climate on century . United role well documented determining Impacts in climate communities States findings " observed " in major a Climate of Center of week
6301
" ," , - . Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change said Camille Parmesan a University of Texas Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issue
a of experts link the leading on the " , and climate Austin world Texas the Parmesan provide biologist causal . change strong and evidence - saying Camille biological change one half University 's a of of of between studies this " , issue
6302
, . These changes are occurring across all species Parmesan told UPI's Climate
UPI told Parmesan all being these species Climate , . changes occurring 's across
6303
" , ," . Across the United States the northern edge of species' range is expanding she said
States the " edge United , the ' northern she , . of across being " saying range species expanding
6306
" ," . Empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver she said
pointed . " to empirical saying research strong being she as , a climate drivers "
6307
" ." There have been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptable
Mexico numbers larger in in the and still " " California extinctions acceptable have there being where of habitat population areas . been southern
6308
, , , , , . According to Parmesan's earlier studies one extinction event for instance was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely relying on a warming temperature signal then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat
in warming for habitat when a temperature triggered northern according snowstorm caught population relying , being in to earlier then . event a 's prematurely on Parmesan severe checkerspot signal its , instance , being north one a extinction studies , , migrated
6312
, ." Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean
and . new many up , from Mexico coming being seeing Caribbean many and the watchers butterfly bird species "
6313
, " . . ." As the Pew report concluded Sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within U S ecosystems
already " ecosystems , climate being the Pew now concluded the that to U.S. sufficient detectable consequences studies " existed of change concluded within . as reported
6316
, , -- -- " ( ) ." The Alaskan tundra for instance has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases to being a net source of CO2 releasing more carbon than is stored because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2
" net , switched being storing the source releasing carbon carbon carbon in for decompose a storing storing of being more tundra of soil atmosphere releases allowed dead sink matter absorbing more . to and have than previously warmer and dioxide a from releases because -- to than plant the winters instance co2 the having alaskan it from , ( being " ) net co2 --
6317
" ." The Pew report coincided with the release in Iceland of the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment
in reported Arctic with Assessment the Iceland the Pew Impact " " coincided of Climate . release the
6319
" ," . The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic said ACIA chair Robert Corell
. Robert global the the impacts now " saying warming in Arctic of peoples ACIA Corell " affecting , being chair
6321
." The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come
the . substantially and being globe years " to climate change on in region to the projected the impacts increase come the of
6324
" - , ," . Should the Arctic Ocean become ice free in summer it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction the report concluded
extinction would " concluded some should summer toward , bears and , likely being " Ocean seal the Arctic in - species become being that . the polar driven free ice reported it
6326
, " : ," - , . A third report The Impacts of Climate Change An Appraisal for the Future completed by the Britain based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously with the other two falls somewhat into that category
a : International the " Policy , reported of . Appraisal released - two that third , the based falls other the almost , for Change somewhat completed Network Future a with " Britain category Climate simultaneously into and by the Impacts
6328
." This applies especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase
the with especially applies the of to the Arctic surface increase where that in radiation expected diminish the will high this effect cover " . absorption greatly substantially ice solar being
6330
" ," . The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge the IPN report said
, to stocks and saying reported fisheries impact of . the judge hard on " " warming the global being fish IPN
6331
" ." A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North Atlantic
of fisheries predicted " to Atlantic North of " the to . the more likely warming beneficial magnitude a than being being not the
6335
, - , . The IPN report examines commercial fish species but it neglects important non commercial animals such as seals and polar bears
species reported but animals such neglects fish examines and . it IPN commercial seals important the as non-commercial polar , , bears
6339
-- -- - , . They assumed a value unspecified for non commercial species and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy
rosy assumed species less non-commercial they news unspecified -- in doing rendered so , a . the for valuing -- bit warming a and
6341
" , ," " ." When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures it is time to listen for the final proof of spring wrote Aldo Leopold in A Sand County Almanac
of proof spring when being Sand " . on in " , mark the pastures " set final have a for Almanac Leopold Aldo dandelions time listen of the May to , Wisconsin it write County "
6342
" , , , : , ." Sit down on a tussock cock your ears at the sky dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings and soon you may hear it the flight of the upland plover just now back from the Argentine
: a the the the redwings the heard back tussock " sky plover down and , you flight soon sit dial you may cock just meadowlarks , . the of out bedlam upland now and ears Argentine " , of , it from on at
6346
- ...@ . E mail sciencem upi com
e-mail sciencem...@upi.com
6361
" , . As an American I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the 'USA and Bush Bashers' that I am appalled at the number of 'allies' that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions
allies they and the ' this told bashers as I likes using been " Bush a American the take would this as they opinions that disaster of to that numbers ' to spread USA ' useless podium at appalled . being ' opportunity to I , all
6365
." It is the welfare society that was New Orleans
it being society welfare Orleans being the that " New .
6367
" - ; " , ..." I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush Bashers Sorry chaps but you did have it coming
coming chaps doing the " but bashers sorry by have Bush I " ... , the you ; - response been it revolted " of frankly
6369
- ." At least he isn't using this disaster for cheap political point scoring
point scoring political being this not - least at disaster " he using for cheap .
6371
" , " " , , , , , , " " !" I do not feel it has changed the US citizens which is what was needed even now the majority want Gas despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop perhaps this natural disaster which let's face it looks like a product of Global Warming will change their views why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs other people in the world do it Gas is not the be all and end all
the looks , more you not will majority changed gas " other legs which having , it up the being the in being polluting fact 's any and the not I to gas world be does not natural other things the stopped with and with " citizens US face why all which want " changed a it hands despite , perhaps lets and , , " like country you , now " all what warming feel needed end the world of , " being than it in views the pick doing even global they product they being this peoples walk ! disaster world refuse
6375
, , , . Here cars are absolutely necessary and he'd have to have one too
one , cars too have necessary to have and absolutely , he would . being here ,
6378
, ." Thank you for your concern but Europe is still irrelevant
concern being thank for but , . " you you irrelevant still Europe
6384
. I don't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news
of America views folks I changed land not that being the opportunity that doing . news they from believe this believe who will recent
6388
( , .) Believe it or not it takes a minimum of 5 years to apply
( 5 . of , it years to a not it believe apply takes or minimum )
6391
, / . You know I've lived in the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life
. Dallas I life in my most have you metroplex of lived the / , Worth Fort knew
6393
... ... , ( %) . There is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places and I've vacationed through the south visited my folks when they lived in Mississippi and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white less than 20 in northeastern Arkansas
when lot my the the Mississippi less of they in where visited white I being ( of ) and . , ... there and than in being diversity being lived 20 places all in have ... % Arkansas lived through racial a vacationed they these northeastern in racial minority and now folks south
6395
, , , , . I didn't expect to react that way but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua New Hampshire and everyone else looked pretty much like me it was really very eerie
but , very else I were New in doing way looking Hampshire to expect everyone my . around and much looking Nashua being react eerie when it , really not I I , like workplace , that pretty
6397
, , . Additionally reviewing the standings of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stakes you'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states
, Louisiana bottom additionally stakes they a Mississippi find of and the , educational 50 states the near of reviewing you standings land . list usually of will in the
6400
, - . Yes it's a valid reflection of America we do have cities like this
. being doing have a of reflection like this yes we America - , cities it valid
6402
. I don't know if this will change other nation's perceptions of America
will know other this doing I if perceptions 's America of changed . nation not
6406
. , , , . The 1 25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston Dallas San Antonio and Galveston and the surrounding areas
housed stadiums , Antonio and , in will who Houston centers and the the peoples and being Texas begin areas Dallas 1.25 across surrounding populate million , . Galveston have San to convention
6408
. I'm interested in what America will look like in 5 years
America 5 years in interested I like . will look being in what
6414
... These are some of the things I've been wondering
some these I being wondering ... things have the of being
6419
, , . Okay I'm new to this forum and really don't like Bush so my view point is slanted and I admit that
, that so forum and to being , slanted and I . I my point admit doing being this really Bush okay likes new view not
6420
? I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the point
the so I or the credibility or having what what lawyers many listen so none politicians news says because rarely ? lies that to point being tell to
6422
, . My friend didn't have computer capability so I spent the day searching and posting online
so spended , friend and capability posting have doing day computer searching I my the online not .
6426
. , . It is Oct 6 and not one family member has been located
Oct. being members not family . one being located having and it , 6
6428
, . What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans saying that he didn't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do
that been he anything the Orleans buses New or heard being on what doing told to else saying what he because , waiting else Mayor being I order doing someone . not to used to of he the
6433
. Even he can't believe that he is trotting out this old saw again
this again saw out not that old . trotting he can even believe he being
6434
, . I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour
schtick sour time having if once you not a that you out . guess success you resounding helped trot it I , can a but being being going act every
6437
, , ( ). Free of polution free of oil dependency and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good theirs
) of term ( and free good , polution free oil the we free bigger that business of , for . dry dependency of short bleeding being theirs
6438
. I'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off
he being I shut puke . he sorry want off makes I I to so
6442
, " ." If you want a motto for 2005 the best one to adopt would be go with the flow
best with " a if the motto " . 2005 you , be one to adopt would go for want the flow
6446
, - . You'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself as your creativity will be at an all time high
yourself you creativity will new opportunities as upon first create for be to . seize trends , time - to at societal being will among a you high the all new
6449
- - . 2005 could find you doing well career wise and aspiring to climb even higher
- climb career-wise doing 2005 higher well you and could find aspiring . to even
6453
. This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life
years will stock rest to ask work doing the being being the and want life if this you of want career you to yourself the you for you you take doing . of
6458
, , " " . Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end Gemini and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these lessons have left in their wake
" and school the of end come now a lessons rewards Gemini these " cycle reaping to you being left through the wake have . start learning going in hard they of you knocks , , to having
6463
- ! By the end of 2005 you'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential and a possible new partnership to top it off
a by - top start to off the to you 2005 have it ! end earning partnership with whole regard new and and career you of potential new possible will a you
6465
. Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year's strongest challenges
challenges being the strongest years may . between of finding lives one and personal professional a you balance 's
6469
, , . You'll be making radical changes in your work habits but you'll be a lot happier for it and in the end you'll know it was worth it
it being will being it radical for you you a you . in worth it end work will the happier , , know being habits changes and lot in but you making will
6471
, , , ! By the end of 2005 you'll feel more confident more determined and far more capable of making the mountains come to you
the more making capable , ! you 2005 you feel and determined to , far confident end come of of mountains will more more , by the
6475
. You'll be able to create opportunities for advancement almost out of thin air
able air to opportunities almost will of thin . out for create being you advancement
6476
- . Romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember and you'll be the envy of all your friends
you all to years in envy will remember romance will - of making 2005 the a being you friends and it .
6479
, , , . Yet this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall and by the end of 2005 you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness
advancements making and being in . wonder you to , will comparison happiness end of you sheer the 2005 look this and , by yet , back overall the no will
6482
, . For much of 2005 you'll be putting your nose to the grindstone
2005 . to for , nose of the much putting grindstone will you being you
6484
- . Just don't take it for granted you still need to be cautious this year
for granted it still doing this take cautious you . to needs just being not - years
6486
, . And you're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak
to you . streak a going romantic and develop hopeless being ,
6487
, , . In spite of a lot of worry over your career by the year's end you'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments
years worry end filled 's in over that the by spite lot having with will accomplishments , 2005 career and of a , you prosperity you see of you life .
6492
, , . If you're not presently married and want to be you just might wed by the end of the year
might , . be you want you by not , presently to end of being the if wed just and the married years
6493
, . This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world as expansion is the theme
the you travel as . the this being about going you lot being a years to being doing learning and expansion world theme of , being
6494
, . The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like could be your career where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare
where rare slow quite as department satisfaction , life may career of being being that being could not as hopeful advancement you the one and . you may likes would
6495
, - . By year's end you may find yourself seriously considering a major change all for the best
you best for seriously may end change 's find by the years , a considering all - major yourself .
6498
, . While this is most apparent in the area of your career you'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life
see this it of showing up will most you apparent other you of , in . you aspects the in while career being area important life
6499
. Your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of
new you take dreamed might have . never life a you direction of on entirely
6501
, , . Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner or you've been married for many years happiness in love does lie ahead
looking partner as love , years a person being whether , or a lie married start happiness for single you have for the . ahead does in you many years
6504
; , . Don't cling to the banks instead flow with the tide in 2005
in tide banks not the with . instead to flow 2005 the do ; cling ,
6509
. There's so much punch packed into this combination that it's almost scary
punch packed much it there being so into almost this scary being that combination .
6510
. You'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny
choose the you . being will destiny the ability to power find you ultimate own
6511
. You'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly
the ways will effectiveness live find you to by increasing you practical you more of allow in skills new world that abundantly gaining .
6514
, . Overall 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget
sure overall . being , forget to not will years a being 2005 you
6516
, . You've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005 friend Capricorn
2005 headed of you breaks plenty way lucky in gotten , you Capricorn . friend have
6517
, . The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general
you relief in life have love and in the end by corner long you of general clearer years awaited the . needed partnerships you about feel the , much being will you around the
6519
, . Your career opportunities will expand exponentially and you're likely to change jobs or positions this year
this , years likely to changed you career opportunities and . you exponentially or jobs being will positions expand
6526
, - - . By year's end your creative decision making will have carried you to whole new peaks and a whole new view from above
decision a making will to . years - - view by whole peaks above end have you creative 's and you from , carried whole new new
6528
, . It's a big year for you friend Pisces
, Pisces bigger . being years you it friend a for
6529
, . No doubt in 2005 you'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world
you more . more pushed will the no and doubt world find , 2005 out yourself into in
6530
. You'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends
sense new making . will of plenty of you and experience a friends purpose new
6533
, . It's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable
the being being rate change that , . to important and plenty as you for you will yourself of professional unpredictable regenerate retreats of and in fast personal take life it time and
6535
" ," ! Expect the unexpected and enjoy the ride
ride ! expect " enjoy , the the and unexpected "
6537
? <> Mayur
> Mayur ? <
6538
<> Get Mails Everyday
get > everyday mails <
6539
< : ...@ . > ...@ . Share Your Mails mailto mayur yahoo com mayur yahoo com
mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com share mails < > you mayur...@yahoo.com
6541
< : ? &__ + ...> Talk to me ymsgr sendIM mayursha Hi Mayur
I < to talk > ymsgr:sendim?mayursha&__hi+mayur...
6543
? = & = & = online u mayursha m g t 1
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1
6544
1K Download
download 1 k
6546
_ . _ ( - ) The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted St George Fighting the Dragon 1504 06
) mysterious named italian 1504 Dragon - who painted neoplatonic painter for Holinshed being mysterious St. ( _ the 06 George Sanzio the the RAPHAEL fighting _ RAPHAEL
6549
( ) & : Like William Shakspere RAPHAEL the painter died on his April birthday Laura Bridget's day
& died 's : birthday ) on Laura April William like painter day Bridget Shakspere ( the RAPHAEL he
6556
: , BRIDGET Vere's birth April 6 1584 Monday
BRIDGET , Vere 's Monday April birth : 1584 6
6564
: , Thomas Hobbes' birth April 5 1588 Good Friday
5 : , 1588 ' Hobbes Good birth Friday Thomas April
6565
_ & _: , Start of The SOUND the FURY April 6 1928 Good Friday
start Good FURY & 6 April the : 1928 of SOUND the _ _ , Friday
6571
; ; >> - , . . . Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip for on the same day he took Potidea JOHN AUBREY F R S
this he fortunate Philip he ; ; for on AUBREY to same Potidea day father , - being neither less the took >> JOHN day F.R.S.
6573
- [ ] ANTONIO PEREZ 1535 1611 Philip II's renegade Secretary of State
1535 ] - Secretary State II renegade [ PEREZ 's of ANTONIO 1611 Philip
6574
<< " " , . In Love's Labour's Lost we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho full of affection and bombast
affection character , being " << find a losed Love we in 's de bombast of and Adriana Labour Don . Armatho " full
6576
& " ." In 1594 PEREZ wrote published a book under the assumed name of RAPHAEL PEREGRINO
of write assume " & RAPHAEL name " 1594 PEREGRINO PEREZ the published . under book a in
6577
" " : " , , , , , , ." In the play Holofernes is ridiculing Don Adriana the traveler from Spain and says of him He is too picked too spruce too affected Too odd as it were too PEREGRINate as I may call it
too travelers too call , saying spruce " too he too play ridiculing " it " from the picked too peregrinate , , being Don " affected I : as it of , in Spain may he and , Adriana odd , Holofernes . were the as being
6579
, " & ," . To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable Sir Nathaniel replies a most singular choice epithet and at once enters it in his note book
, the book " more and . it unmistakable Sir once & epithet and making he choice most singular enters note to in replies reference Nathaniel pointed , a " at
6580
.>> This parody on PEREZ' sobriquet clearly identifies PEREZ with Armatho
clearly ' this Armatho sobriquet PEREZ identifies . >> with PEREZ parody on
6582
, . , . . , . Shakespeare Electronic Conference Vol 6 No 0832 Monday 23 October 1995
Shakespeare . Electronic Monday October vol. 23 , no. 1995 , , . 0832 Conference 6
6583
: < ...@ . . > From Martin Green MGr usa pipeline com
Green mgr...@usa.pipeline.com < : from > Martin
6584
: , : : - Date Sunday 22 Oct 1995 10 57 32 0400
Sunday - , 22 Oct : 10:57:32 0400 date 1995
6588
, & -- , , , .>> To be sure both Lopez Perez were conversos but they were thought of in England as being as they undoubtedly were at least ethnically Jews
but England , ethnically sure as . at they & in being , being least as >> Perez Lopez of being being , , undoubtedly to conversos both they being Jews thought --
6591
. , . The 69 year old Dr Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7 1594 at Tyburn
69 7 haught being 1594 being summarily the found quartered guilty , years Lopez . Dr. on at Tyburn and and old June
6594
" " , . Lopez's 1561 book Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz became THE classic on Chess openings including the one that bears his name
" including chess juego , the 1561 classic arte 's that del invencion one openings . liberal Lopez bears del the de became name book he libro acedraz la y on "
6598
, . , . 1530 LOPEZ Ruy b in Zafra Spain
Spain , Zafra , 1530 b. Ruy . in LOPEZ
6601
, ( . . . / ) . 1542 LEONARDO Giovanni a k a Il Puttino the Boy born in Calaria
Puttino a.k.a. , Il Calaria 1542 / ( born Giovanni the ) LEONARDO . in Boy
6622
. 1584 Lopez's book translated into Italian by Tarsia and published in Venice
Lopez 's 1584 and Tarsia by into Venice published translated in . Italian book
6624
<<" , ," , " ; - , , , , , , , , ;>> I have told you friend said the curate that this is done to divert our idle thoughts and as in well ordered states games of CHESS fives and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care or are not obliged or are unable to work so books of this kind are allowed to be printed on the supposition that what indeed is the truth there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories
<< you supposition we or , " , of , the doing take those the idle indeed and have - billiards " ordered being being fives not , , to well saying ; to >> unable doing that " , , on as to stories for nobody being not there obliged or books ; being truth told any friend being chess the so thoughts that being who of divert , as kind , what can diversion this care , true in working ignorant states to printed allowed , of allowed curate of this for the being be they so games and I
6625
" !" ; " , ; , , , , , , ." A fine comparison said Sancho though not so new but that I have heard it many and many a time as well as that other one of the game of CHESS how so long as the game lasts each piece has its own particular office and when the game is finished they are all mixed jumbled up and shaken together and stowed away in the bag which is much like ending life in the grave
office , in the time in the piece well many , other new ; being that so games a games ! , like as comparison , one saying Sancho much . life being and having , so it own grave ; but I its the jumbled being heard long a as and , " though the many how when have and ending each " stowed away which up games mixed together that as particular of they fine " chess finished , of the and lasts shaken not " bag all
6626
" , ," . Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day Sancho said Don Quixote
Quixote " growing every art thou and Sancho day , less doltish " more saying Don , shrewd .
6627
" ," ; " ; , , , >> Ay said Sancho it must be that some of your worship's shrewdness sticks to me land that of itself is barren and dry will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it
to come >> if , you , better yield itself " 's saying I of must it that to and barren ; and that sticks dry land ay Sancho it fruit it worship , " " will some dung being till ; shrewdness you , of be
6629
: , , , . . . : Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions American French Bolivar etc Garibaldi's is the most blatantly Masonic
the . revolutions : Garibaldi all : . sponsered . , americans bolivar , being , Freemason blatantly 's of most etc masonic french
6636
. . . , , , .>> and uneasy in its corporate expression was overtopped by the big face of Don Juste Lopez soft and white with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud
, in . as with if by bigger cloud soft and overtopped corporate impenetrable uneasy Lopez and , Juste and . dense of a . solemnity . prominent in Don white , in expression the >> was eyelids wreathed face its
6653
, , . How they murdered him I do not know save that it was Murillo's hand who struck him down for Lopez had remained to guard me
he down that not guard for , I , to hand struck how 's being know save having I he . it remained Lopez murdered they who Murillo doing
6656
, , .>> With the death of Garcia the pursuit might cease since such a death might frighten others from the task
others with cease . from of task such , , Garcia frighten death since the a death >> might the the might pursuit
6659
( , ). The Rock revolution happened in the Sixties 6 number of the Beast
in revolution numbers Beast the happened , the ( of the ) sixties . 6 rock
6660
, , ( ): " " ( , ). It came from Liverpool that was the port base to the Titanic destroyed by God because of the arrogant insult of captain Smith also from Liverpool Not even God can sink my ship not only the captain but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra playing at the Titanic were from Liverpool
crew . the at even of Smith base not Liverpool not destroyed Liverpool Liverpool God the even it being and the the orchestra , insult Titanic arrogant rest the can from also " came to : the " being of but from that ( captain Titanic from the because of by port only ( captain sink the also , ) God my , ship ) playing
6661
, ( , ). The Rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts homosexuals and lunatics as that of George Martin ally of the Beatles
homosexuals dance ) a that of to drug being , a recording George , studio Beatles a changed the of of came as from to room lunatics nation church a Martin full pub . ally to revolution allows rock to or and addicts ( the the or that
6662
( )... , .... It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination Anne Boleyn once again 6 number of the Beast
in provided loose and adulterated of divorce being abomination the able and so came divorce many 6 wives whose being he to the again the murdering it ( from allowed , rein VIII once numbers nation the the .... God a to ... from fingers that ones way subsequent as king and wives of could with this whom Anne to Enrique giving same ) Boleyn Beast six Bible
6663
" ". It is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed the Devil's Island
to . nicknamed nation observe being " the this 's Island being Devil interesting that " it
6664
, , - , ( " " " "), . As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation the center of London the so well known Piccadilly Circus takes it's name from an old brothel the Piccadilla House which means The House of Sin disappeared nowadays
the " of . government known ( Satan means that ) the of well " House London from on the takes House nowadays brothel , , , Piccadilly , a which nation old of center of - as Sin the Piccadilla the name it's " Circus disappeared " the epithet so
6665
, , , ( ) . The antichrist John Lennon one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind did hit Stuart Sutcliffe the first bass player of the Beatles in the head with a club repeatedly in Hamburg
John the Stuart , ( moral to destroy . Hamburg the doing , repeatedly head 's in one the with puppets and social disintegration begin the club antichrist values bass the Beatles , a of family of ) of and Sutcliffe mankind the hit to main Lennon player Devil in first
6666
. Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of John Lennon's bruises
of some died because bruises Sutcliffe 's Lennon . from haemorrhage John months later brain
6670
".... We are more popular than Jesus and Pope
being we " more Jesus Pope than popular .... and
6671
. That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock
. world the day falled upon CURSE of that 's rock being GOD the that
6674
, , . " " , , . John Lennon's divorce followed as well as his entering the world of black magic as deeply as to buy the apartment where the Rosemary's baby had been filmed previous property of Roman Polansky and in that same apartment John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations
. he of as followed baby , . Lennon operations to buy where of that Roman black 's magic used silk Rosemary well , " doing " magic world having John entering and , same as the filmed Lennon with as upholstered John the the have apartment in a he as being divorce he previous , where apartment room Polansky 's to deeply property black black
6675
, , " " " ". Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which has caused among others schizophrenic lyrics such as I am the Walrus and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like Revolution number 9
schizophrenic I others , musical minds " like with of having the the disintegration incoherent ' such " 9 expositions caused the came which " schizophrenic and as , been among lsd . Revolution lyrics Beatles " Walrus number
6676
, " " , ( ), , . At the same time the devil acted through his other main puppets with Sympathy for the devil that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group the guitarist Brian Jones who refused to be a puppet of the devil murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger another assassin
devil main acted . pact puppets the , Jagger the with , life that of through the he Sympathy being been devil Rolling time who founder of by of Stones the ( murdered when other refused the at of for the Brian peoples took the the groups the with " by Satan to , puppets same guitarist ) , a another sent devil Mick " assassin the Jones
6677
, " ", " ": " , ...", " " ( " " ) " " ( ). Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming Peace being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of The ballad of John and Yoko the way things are going they're going to crucify me The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the Rolling Stone magazine today condensed in the Lennon remembers book where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming whatever is up there for it referring to God
todays ) for , going of Lennon I in John Christ ballad at " together thing " Stone being Hilton to going upon hotels John with the " of blaming , a he and lyrics curse peace " way he . write " when he things bogus so about crucify he speaks up started the a meant to make for " of " Lennon to to all which interview condensed admonished GOD visited the there to Rolling : Jesus going Christ the being types beards and making Lennon , " the he grew the God miseries being wanted " bad Amsterdam being bing with compete proclaiming with John and know by to of remembers Ono and role of what ridiculized he the distresses the how ) being they " where magazine then it who book and Lennon , giving the Yoko Antichrist ( on carried " when about in ... Lennon referring wanting whatever journalist canadian ( " Yoko
6680
, : " ", , .. After George Harrison said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at Henley on Thames I want to talk about the divinity of man he was given throat cancer by GOD because of those words which made metastasis and carried on to final death
" at want about , " George he Henley saying by final the .. talked to metastasis those in death divinity , : video a filmed and GOD make studio on he because , throat of on given cancer words being of carried to Thames which after I arrogantly Harrison in man
6681
, " " ( , ), . To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made Sir when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir as long as he produces money for the nation GOD provided cancer to the wife
. , and GOD Sir sweeper as 's being being deluded logo provided the in he Sir being , being who ( a the trip to by the god the in very toying whose much England wives ) to money planets nation he " , if with he McCartney when produces person the road cancer that ego as fact make company as he being long even a being " make for Paul
6682
( ), , , , " ". The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda woman whose quality he did not deserve was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills Linda's intimate friend with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents while he was still mourning for his dear Linda
, Heather still how woman while he known that Paul not it to have " New being going farce dear to ( presents a being Linda intimate trip with 's on with exposed whom Linda Linda McCartney he of he ) deserve " whose much , and the he quality affair things , when York mourning doing and . being a bought , friend he for whom advertising Mills loved
6683
, , . At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills he used Linda's death for promotional ends due to his waning popularity
Linda . , death going out McCartney at used Mills time the ends being due , 's to popularity Heather waning promotional with he same he for
6684
, , . Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot but he didn't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same even though it has never been much
and effeminate he much he womanish suffer man he he with Linda a . he because age to he face , same though having admitted that make and as because never a even but not Paul not been lot that the , being due feel it being it sexual insecure also doing manners power say
6686
: " , ..." . It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings I've got a feeling a feeling I can't hide in front of Yoko in the film
of : note of to gotten in uneasiness in ... I a not feeling McCartney being he . when sings film the a have the easy Yoko can " it feeling " I hide , front
6687
( ). He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners
he he little have when manliness effeminate and of he previous manners having she the that traumas Asher Jane caused make he already . ( aware ) girlfriend he
6690
. He is very conscious that money and fame cannot buy virility and manliness
. being virility that not buy conscious he can money manliness and and fame very
6692
, : " , " " " " ". Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him he made lyrics such as You can wear a collar and a tie one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside and gave declarations to the Rolling Stone magazine saying that sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man
one secure texan , as that the you : " thing he homosexual gave you hide a such Stone as being he boots Brian " man a that trauma can , more a " Rolling and to being relation of the " declarations weared sometimes . can lyrics inside to having make crippled tie when magazine you saying collar Epstein wear " not he he " because and left feel with
6696
, : " !!.. ..", . When John asked George while they were having lunch about how things were going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and George replied that he was number one in the Swedish hit parade John said in a despective manner ah in Sweden as if Sweden was an inferior place or something alike
about when Sweden separation something Beatles : ah .. from being " . replied lunch as in , going having the swedish " while and in a Paul he !! being if John manner how place or hit a John one after alike parade the asked that inferior being he George .. despective , they for saying being numbers George in Sweden things
6697
" " " ", . In the Beatles' song Get Back they advise black Joe to get back to where you once belonged as if England was not a place for black people
Beatles , Joe back " back for place the peoples if a black not once to England advise . you " being where " get as to " get black belonged song they ' in
6699
. The Jewish marriage living to the right of George's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting
saying right a who he that 's the does . returning of arrogant house person marriage to George greeting living a jewish being the never
6700
( ) . The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George's house Friar Park refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from
from 's living of in front to George ) . of person ( house couple refers the entrance the as away to married stay newly Friar corner the a overbearing on he Park
6701
" ", : " ". The receptionist of Hand made the former film making company of George Harrison said we don't have any relation with that man anymore and we don't want to know anything about him
doing anything anymore about " receptionist the making that " Hand saying . relation with he : to , " doing George " know want former man we company Harrison not made film have and not the of of any we
6706
" ", , , , . George Harrison said in a video that Oasis is a very untalented band and they shouldn't be playing at all all of it being the truth but the Beatles is also a band of very poor musicians if musicians at all who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis
that playing untalented being all being , poor being " at Harrison of who if a not , it as the George of in and all saying the only couple untalented all , Oasis truth who musicians very musicians very " Beatles chords but also , playing should at band could as a being elementary of a guitar . being and Oasis band a video they
6709
, , . Paul McCartney said recently that he believes in using magic and he does lots of charity thinking that in this way he will compensate for the CURSE OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife's life because of his Satanism and involvement in black magic
that will saying and . being that magic he and the compensate involvement charity black took in does way upon wives lots McCartney Paul , life in thinking of he that of he of Satanism believes he for and because using he GOD that this recently 's curse magic in he ,
6714
, . , . If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house it is because you own some L P CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones
you l.p another by . house related own you it or Beatles and , Rolling curse cd and you , in GOD wonder the being why to article Stones there misery some if being curse because
6715
.... We recommend you to take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the Devil's main nine puppets
of related you Devil the 's everything away take .... house throwing you recommend to out curse puppets to we that main nine
6720
: < ...@ . > Email yamwhatiyam pop spinach eat
yamwhatiyam > < pop...@spinach.eat : email
6721
: . , . , . , . . - Groups alt consumers ba consumers misc consumers misc consumers frugal living
alt.consumers , : , , misc.consumers misc.consumers.frugal-living groups ba.consumers
6726
" , , ," . The Bush administration is preparing its NATO allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in Iran in the New Year according to German media reports reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the Turkish media reported UPI on December 30th
reported allies suggestions media nuclear sites against the for December media the turkish preparing , to UPI similar New 30th reports Year german in administration . in Bush being reinforcing strike on earlier possible a , " its military in the Iran suspected according NATO " ,
6727
" ," , " - , . The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week continued UPI quoted 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah led regime into line including military options
including having UPI continued military options the led the the who States allies all United claimed NATO intelligence - being " " mullah NATO that possibilities Der quoted this . currently the that week informed Tagesspiegel ' Berlin regime bringing sources into investigating ' being , , " daily of , line
6728
." This 'all options are open' line has been President George W Bush's publicly stated policy throughout the past 18 months
past ' open being having this George W 18 being Bush President 's throughout the stated months " ' publicly policy all . line options
6731
, ( ). The recent elections in Iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq SCIRI
a in for by organizations amalgam Iraq in the Supreme Revolution principally Dawa , dominated the ( elections of Council the being ) Islamic Party fundamentalist religiously Iraq shi'ite and recent SCIRI .
6740
. 2 Iran's Armaments
armaments Iran 's 2 .
6742
- - - . While Iran's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the Iran Iraq war their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless
they it nonetheless . that conventional Iran during retired Iraq what heyday being being armaments - while - of lasted enjoys military deteriorated war the the nation veterans of and - have the Iran the army war substantial strength have not 's
6743
, " , , . According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004 Iran has some 540 000 men under arms and over 350 000 reserves
reported Strategic 350,000 reserves issued by according having Center of over under and " some a for , 540,000 Studies in International December men Iran 2004 arms to . and the
6744
, . They include 120 000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare
and warfare trained . Guards include asymmetrical naval land 120,000 Iranian for they Revolutionary
6745
, , , , , , , , , , ." Iran's military also includes holdings of 1 613 main battle tanks 21 600 other armored fighting vehicles 3 200 artillery weapons 306 combat aircraft 60 attack helicopters 3 submarines 59 surface combatants and 10 amphibious ships
aircraft attack of 10 weapons , " 3 amphibious and submarines 's also combat military tanks , , . main , helicopters combatants holdings surface 3,200 306 battle includes 60 ships Iran 59 vehicles , armored other , fighting artillery 21,600 1,613 ,
6746
" ," . Iran is now the only regional military power that poses a significant conventional military threat to Gulf stability continued the CSIS report
now reported , regional that significant threat the power conventional only stability a being the Gulf " continued to poses military CSIS military Iran . "
6749
, ." It has never properly declared its holdings of chemical weapons and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown
unknown having its the weapons status holdings declared weapons of it its of and chemical programs " never properly , . being biological
6751
. The so called 'Tanker' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region
region nations the 1980 the transport the ' of squarely the . tanker of to seeking out ' late in all put called Iran so oil bullseye in wars
6752
, ." Even the small navy that Iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the Gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the Iranian Navy could be quite effective
in make capable clear " and small being . the small oil of tactics the period that quite to being gulf sea effective the enough small puts cases Iran even heads navy shipping during navy , against that it could several of well operations harass iranian to boat asymmetrical
6753
" ," , " . More concerning continued the MILNET brief is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy
brief the " . , continued being expanding more placed on navy its " " concerning , the priority and MILNET modernizing
6754
, - : - , , , . " The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect anti shipping cruise missiles 'Iran has obtained new anti ship missiles and missile patrol craft from China midget submarines from North Korea submarines from Russia and modern mines '
numerous Iran , submarines aspect cites Russia and , , mines , submarines the patrol Korea missiles ' missiles most China " missiles and CSIS including funded from obtained new having modern areas anti-ship craft having . from troublesome from Iran where midget the : ' North cruises modernization anti-shipping reported
6755
, . It is Iran's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf especially for the US Navy
forces it armaments the gulf missiles greatest the the that . for 's Navy americans Iran being US concern especially in for pose ,
6756
. Iran's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters
that being arrayed wall waters upon in the mountains Persian forces Gulf those 's of naval any Iran coast a looming look . facing down
6760
, - - - . Of all the missiles in Iran's armament the most dangerous is the Russian made SS N 22 Sunburn
all armament russian , - dangerous in of missiles SS make Sunburn - most the being 22 the - 's N Iran . the
6761
, , - . These missiles are simply the fastest anti ship weapons on the planet
the weapons on anti-ship , , being these the simply . fastest missiles planet
6763
- . , - . Its maximum low altitude speed is Mach 2 2 some three times faster than the American made Harpoon
three faster low maximum mach its Harpoon altitude than the 2.2 - - some make . times americans speed , being
6765
, , . The missile's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer and five missiles could sink a 20 000 ton ship
20,000 one ship manufacturers missiles missiles the two ton cripple could five . sink missiles and or a destroyer that 's , a state could
6769
, , . The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian Gulf with some 7 000 souls aboard
aircraft , with Theodore carrier the deployed US Roosevelt . aboard 7,000 Gulf souls currently Persian the some being in
6775
, . The vaunted American military has suffered 2 210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare
this of and thousands warfare tens form 2,210 from of . wounded vaunted the deaths having military of americans suffered
6777
, , - , , . If Iran decides to throw any or all of its 23 000 armored fighting vehicles along with any or all of its nearly million strong army into the Iraq fray the situation in the Middle East could become unspeakably dire
of dire become in its vehicles could all if or throw East unspeakably the army strong million Iraq Middle decides fighting any the - , into situation along , or 23,000 of fray the armored with its any . Iran to all , nearly
6780
, , . This was a specific reaction to the American invasion of Iraq and a reaction to America's condemnation of Syria after the death of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from Damascus
a Iraq reaction after of widely lebanese the a 's , Hariri this as condemnation being to assassination which Damascus of Rafik Syria to America the ordered reaction death of specific from Minister a being invasion . , and Prime seen americans
6782
, . Like Iran Syria's military is nothing to scoff at
, Iran scoff like military Syria . being 's to at nothing
6784
. Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel's overwhelming capabilities
to a for serve years significant strength intent to establishing counterweight military capabilities upon . having being overwhelming Damascus 's Israel as
6785
, , , , , . As of 2002 Syria had some 215 000 soldiers under arms 4 700 tanks and a massive artillery capability
Syria 2002 and artillery capability have under , . 4,700 some 215,000 , of tanks , a arms soldiers as massive
6792
, . China's economy is exploding hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry
China only hampered being petroleum . to industry great for natural fuel they and by , they gas 's thirst exploding economy
6794
, , , . China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran and will receive 150 000 barrels of oil per day from that field
Iran the tons and of , gas from develop Yadavaran will of , over years oil liquefied . field field massive next natural the 250 150,000 China barrels Iran receive that 30 in million oil from purchase per will will day
6797
, . Further any fighting in the Persian Gulf would imperil the tankers running China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz
gas the , 's tankers imperil Gulf natural Persian Strait fighting running would of . liquefied any the further China the Hormuz through in
6802
$ . China's accumulation of dollars is approximately 600 billion
$ being of approximately 's China 600 billion dollars accumulation .
6805
, . . . By dumping some portion of their reserves these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U S interest rates skyrocketing
the dollar countries and pressure reserves portion skyrocketing put by they could these of interest some send . dumping U.S. rates , under intense
6808
." They would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose
problems " if no need lesson have hegemonic arose they the would a superpower teaching . a
6809
" ," , " . The hardest blow on Americans concluded Roberts will fall when China does revalue its currency
. will blow hardest does revalue China its fall concluded , , the currency on " " Americans when " Roberts
6810
, - , , . When China's currency ceases to be undervalued American shoppers in Wal Mart where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China will think they are in Neiman Marcus
americans . Marcus shoppers China the , in make goods to being 70 on - the undervalued of China they in , ceases think , shelves 's will Wal Neiman being Mart percent in where currency being when
6812
, ." If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression
the " this Great and setback rates experience consumers , americans . interest in the since if with Depression rising a housing market the coincides hardest times will
6815
; , . China's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States
veto 's diplomatic Council to being by against United any even a ; Iran the and extends permanent this China members proposed in of realm hand the Nations could the . , China strong actions States United Security
6822
- - . Soldiers with vital training and know how are refusing to re enlist
refusing and re-enlist know - soldiers training being to how vital . with
6825
. , $ $ , . According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E Stiglitz of Columbia University the final cost of the Iraq occupation will run between 1 trillion and 2 trillion surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the Bush administration
cost Harvard trillion , put Linda 2 of administration run orders to estimates and Bilmes by $ 1 Laureate forth trillion occupation Joseph between the final and the of . Iraq magnitude University by of Columbia the of will Nobel surpassing Stiglitz the , $ according E. Bush
6829
. Iran's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair
support 's dangerous from would . and the over gulf a carriers air resupply by making ship position Iran affair
6836
, . Therefore any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities will bring Russia into the mess
the Iran into will nuclear 's , mess . upon any attack facilities bring Russia therefore
6838
, , - " ." The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation however seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so called War on Terror
the whatever " could that terror " , however in offset - in make any , seem upon implicit the nation called attack significantly being war gains so on . to dangers
6842
. . George W Bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front
undertaken he consistently have Bush power in order to and political George front action of . administration W. courses dangerous incredibly garner home the on
6845
, , " ." Karl Rove Bush's most senior advisor notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to run on the war
most during . Bush the the Karl notoriously " Rove told on 's Republicans " ballot midterms the advisor to , run , senior war 2002 on
6854
( " ", ) By Graydon Carter excepted from What We've Lost published by Little Brown
from have Graydon by , " published Little excepted losed Carter we ( what Brown by ) "
6855
. - . 68 4 Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species list each year between 1991 and 2000
and - the 68.4 numbers added to list years of species species threatened 1991 and . 2000 average between endangered each
6860
- - " " . 1 Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the EPA's 600 page Draft Report on the Environment presented in 2003
. " presented devoted global 's draft environment " page EPA - 1 on the reported in in warming paragraphs the 2003 600 - to of numbers
6861
- , . . 68 Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5 2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012
68 per to by gases . after 1990 reduce , Bush Protocol of to cent treaty below not ratify taking 5.2 by 2012 numbers decided greenhouse Kyoto international days the office that roughly - the levels
6866
- - ( ). 14 Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own global warming plan an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels
. warming ( cent per percentage dioxide 30 levels 1990 of emissions over carbon 10 own increase global years 14 will plan they Bush ) above - under - 's a next increase the
6868
$ - - , , , . 44m Amount the Bush Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel chemical timber and mining industries
Cheney amount chemical the contributions $ industries timber the Committee and from in mining - fossil Bush received . National , , the fuel campaign Republican - and 2000 , m 44
6869
- . 200 Number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in Bush's first three years in office
downgrading 200 three regulation - laws numbers 's years or first of . weakening Bush in environmental in office rollbacks
6870
- ( , , - ). 31 Number of Bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry includes four cabinet secretaries the six most powerful White House officials and more than 20 other high level appointees
White - energy level cabinet 20 the six of appointees of more industry , House secretaries than appointees - powerful numbers alumni being high the other who , . 31 officials includes most ( administration and ) four Bush
6871
= , . 50 Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience
numbers audience approximate changes widest 50 injurious that . it Fridays on to the to rollbacks by regulation policy the but = a and announced administration the impossible after for being news that have 5 , of relay to the all possible time makes pm Bush organisations environment information
6872
- . 50 Percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency enforcement actions against polluters under Bush's watch
in actions 's - decline polluters Environmental Protection Bush watch against Agency enforcement 50 percentage under .
6875
$ . - . 6 1m Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations
analyses 6.1 $ economic . of conducting - when proposed human historically m each EPA regulations life amount valued the
6876
$ . - . 3 7m Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration
EPA $ proposed during regulations Bush the human 3.7 of conducting valued - administration each analyses when m life amount . the
6877
- - . 62 Number of members of Cheney's 63 person Energy Task Force with ties to corporate energy interests
Task . 's Force 62 with members to energy numbers of 63 person - - Energy ties of Cheney interests corporate
6878
- . 0 Number of environmentalists asked to attend Cheney's Energy Task Force meetings
to 0 Energy - environmentalists Task Cheney asked . meetings of Force attend 's numbers
6879
- . 6 Number of months before 11 September that Cheney's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq's oil reserves
's September - oil of Cheney investigated months before numbers Iraq . Energy 's 11 reserves 6 Force that Task
6880
- . 2 Percentage of the world's population that is British
of world population british - . percentage 2 the being 's that
6881
- . 2 Percentage of the world's oil used by Britain
- . 's by 2 percentage oil the world of Britain used
6882
- . 5 Percentage of the world's population that is American
percentage americans being of 's population that 5 - the . world
6883
- . 25 Percentage of the world's oil used by America
America of world by oil 25 the used 's . - percentage
6885
, - . 24 000 Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush's Clear Skies initiative
premature initiative 's occur estimated . will of Clear that 24,000 Bush deaths Skies under numbers -
6887
, - , , . 750 000 Tons of toxic waste the US military the world's biggest polluter generates around the world each year
around generates military US tons 's , the years . waste world polluter the the 750,000 of biggest toxic - world , each
6888
$ . - - , " " . 3 8bn Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean ups in 1995 the Year polluter pays fees expired
" 3.8 Superfund 1995 fund $ polluter - the years in " clean ups site bn amount toxic for - pays fees trust , in the . expired
6892
- - , . 50 Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long term health problems almost half of whom don't have health insurance
suffer - at . whom term from , long screened health problems of have Ground health who 50 insurance half of doing percentage workers almost - not Zero now
6903
$ - , , , . 1m Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station Texas received from Prince Bandar Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend
United estimated Station 's Arabia painting friend Bush valuing in , family and Texas the from $ Bush of m a received Bandar 1 - , the College Saudi , States . to Library ambassador Prince Presidential
6905
, - . 1 700 Percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relations in the United States
and - in relations public saudi 2002 spending arabian 1,700 percentage of States 2001 increase the between United . on
6909
- ( ) , - . 14 Number of Immigration and Naturalisation Service INS agents assigned to track down 1 200 known illegal immigrants in the United States from countries where al Qa'ida is active
( of in States where track Naturalisation Qa'ida down INS al and - illegal immigrants - active numbers 1,200 the countries to from 14 agents United known being ) Immigration Service assigned .
6910
$ - / . 3m Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9 11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks
the September to 9/11 investigate willing the 3 attacks White House 11 the amount commission to $ being . grant - m
6912
$ - . 10m Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget
$ 10 Bush budget the 's - INS . amount existing terrorism m from cut
6913
$ - . 50m Amount granted to the commission that looked into the Columbia space shuttle crash
commission the space m into that amount 50 - crash Columbia to shuttle . $ the looking granted
6914
$ - . 5m Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling
given 5 - federal to legalised study $ amount gambling 1996 a . being m commission
6915
- - - . 7 Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid August and mid October 2002 for being gay
of army fired numbers by - between and gay being the linguists mid-october mid-august for 7 2002 . US Arabic
6918
$ , - . 3 500 Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service
guard of $ for a services 3,500 reward Alabama . could in confirm - 2000 offered 's Bush anyone veterans groups who
6919
- - . 600 700 Number of guardsmen who were in Bush's unit during that period
period . in - that being 's numbers guardsmen of 700 unit 600 who during Bush -
6920
- . 0 Number of guardsmen from that period who came forward with information about Bush's guard service
guard of numbers from services . about information 's 0 with that period Bush guardsmen came who forward -
6921
- , - , , , , , , , , - - ( ). 0 Number of minutes that President Bush Vice President Dick Cheney the Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld the assistant Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board Richard Perle and the White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove the main proponents of the war in Iraq served in combat combined
proponents , Iraq the ) war the President of Secretary of Bush Wolfowitz Board former White 0 combat Defence defence in House Defence ( of numbers combined Dick . Karl the President , Richard main - the Paul Staff the , Policy Vice served - Rumsfeld - Rove the - , Chief , , , assistant of Secretary the Perle Donald that , minutes Cheney in , chairman and
6925
- ( ). 46 Percentage increase in sales between 2001 and 2002 of GI Joe figures children's toys
2002 . toys figures and children between sales GI increase Joe - ( ) 46 of in percentage 's 2001
6929
- . 43 Percentage of the entire world's military spending that the US spends on defence
entire that . the the military 's spending spends US on world 43 of defence - percentage
6930
( , .) That was in 2002 the year before the invasion of Iraq
that being 2002 the ( years invasion the in ) of before , Iraq .
6931
$ . - . 401 3b Proposed military budget for 2004
military $ proposed . 2004 for budget - 401.3 b
6933
- , , . 1983 The year in which Donald Rumsfeld Ronald Reagan's special envoy to the Middle East gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift
pair Middle as 's 1983 gave Donald the to Rumsfeld of years a envoy special Reagan a which , the Saddam East golden . spurs Hussein - gift in Ronald ,
6934
. - " " . 2 5 Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to hit Iraq
September being that in - a 11 " Osama the " to up bin reasons 2.5 Iraq he Laden . Rumsfeld suspect of that brought numbers after attacks learned hit hours
6936
- , , . 10m Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003 in opposition to the invasion of Iraq the largest simultaneous protest in world history
of streets February numbers largest the invasion in , Iraq opposition 10 to m to - 2003 simultaneous world in . the 21 of estimated who history peoples on protest took the , worldwide
6937
$ - . 2b Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003
US in House by 2 - . estimated the presence b April Iraq of military $ cost 2003 projected monthly White in
6938
$ - . 4b Actual monthly cost of the US military presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in 2004
military 4 b . of actual US $ Secretary 2004 presence the in Iraq Defence of to Rumsfeld monthly according in - cost
6939
$ - . 15m Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq
americans 15 a to firm of a amount m in - a awarded $ to builds contracts Iraq cement factory .
6940
$ , - ( ) , . 80 000 Amount an Iraqi firm spent using Saddam's confiscated funds to build the same factory after delays prevented the American firm from starting it
starting firm factory iraqi ( ) spended americans , 80,000 same . prevented Saddam a to 's confiscated it using after amount from the funds - builds the $ firm delays
6941
- " ". 2000 Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was we wouldn't do anything in Iraq
" services would - oil years doing 2000 in as we policy " Iraq . anything Cheney he saying that company been Halliburton ceo not of
6942
$ . - . 4 7b Total value of contracts awarded to Halliburton in Iraq and Afghanistan
valuing awarded b to in contracts Afghanistan Halliburton - total Iraq of . $ 4.7 and
6943
$ - . 680m Estimated value of Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel
valuing Bechtel awarded . Iraq estimated $ of reconstruction - contracts 680 m to
6944
$ . - . 2 8b Value of Bechtel Corp contracts in Iraq
2.8 valuing in Bechtel contracts Iraq of . Corp $ - b
6945
$ - . 120b Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year
. b 120 fiscal the aftermath to 2004 war its cost being $ years and projected amount - the for
6947
- . 92 Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002
water areas potable Iraq 92 of with urban in - . to 2002 late access 's percentage
6948
- . 60 Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003
's . - percentage 2003 access areas Iraq water of urban in to potable late 60 with
6955
A soldier's best friend
best a soldier 's friend
6956
, - , - . 40 000 Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests designed to stop a round from an AK 47
Iraq a soldiers Interceptor in seven designed . numbers AK of - after round to still vests 40,000 of 47 months a - start from , war the stopped without
6957
$ - , . 60m Estimated cost of outfitting those 40 000 soldiers with Interceptor vests
with . those soldiers outfitting 40,000 60 Interceptor $ of estimated - cost m vests
6962
$ . - . 3 29 Average amount allocated per person Nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants
per the allocated nationwide round . grants amount average in security homeland first 3.29 person $ - of
6963
$ . - . 94 40 Amount allocated per person for homeland security in American Samoa
- American Samoa allocated 94.40 for security in amount . per homeland $ person
6964
$ - , - . 36 Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming Vice President Cheney's home state
$ person President home stated 36 amount for security - . 's per Cheney , - Vice in Wyoming allocated homeland
6966
$ . - . 5 87 Amount allocated per person in New York City
5.87 amount New - per . person City York in $ allocated
6967
$ . - , , , . 77 92 Amount allocated per person in New Haven Connecticut home of Yale University Bush's alma mater
per $ of , New person . Yale Connecticut , , in alma 's home Bush allocated amount University mater 77.92 - Haven
6970
, - . 22 600 Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month
month carrying planes that unscreened 22,600 numbers - . into of cargo flew New each York
6974
$ . - . 5 5b Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next decade
fully b estimated ports cost decade to the $ US 5.5 - over secure next .
6976
$ - . 46m Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005
having security the Bush - in . m for 46 budgeted 2005 $ administration port amount
6977
, - . 15 000 Number of major chemical facilities in the United States
facilities major in chemical 15,000 United States of . the - numbers
6982
- . 75 Percentage of Americans unaffected by Bush's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes
percentage sweeping 2003 Americans taxes capital unaffected . and - 75 gains by dividends of Bush in 's cuts
6983
$ , - . 42 000 Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes
. cuts taxes and - capital received result savings members of in gains average Bush 2003 a 's $ 42,000 dividends cabinet of in as
6985
- . 79 Number of Bush's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father's administration
he initial . in Bush who - 189 served administration numbers 79 also appointees 's of father 's
6987
$ - - , . 113m Amount of total hard money the Bush Cheney 2000 campaign received a record
$ Cheney received , the Bush - 2000 record - m money . campaign 113 a total amount hard of
6988
$ . - , - - . 11 5m Amount of hard money raised through the Pioneer programme the controversial fund raising process created for the Bush Cheney 2000 campaign
raising the - 2000 - amount fund $ created campaign 11.5 for hard controversial of Bush the Pioneer Cheney programme m , - raised . the through process money
6989
( $ , $ , . Participants pledged to raise at least 100 000 by bundling together cheques of up to 1 000 from friends and family
$ at from and 100,000 . to friends cheques together participants least raise of by bundling $ to 1,000 pledged ( up family
6990
, , .) Pioneers were assigned numbers which were included on all cheques enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much
all pioneers . how campaign track which to keeping , the much of assigned , enabling on cheques being ) raised being who numbers included
6994
$ - , . 489b The US trade deficit in 2003 the worst in history for a single year
for years b in the deficit . worst - single a 2003 in , history $ 489 US trade the
6995
$ . - . 5 6t Projected national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when Bush took office in 2001
- of projected 5.6 by when t decade the the end took in surplus office 2001 forecast . Bush national $
6996
$ . - - . 7 22t US national debt by mid 2004
by US debt t 7.22 $ . mid-2004 national -
6998
- . 87 Percentage of American families in April 2004 who say they have felt no benefit from Bush's tax cuts
percentage benefit says cuts have tax from who 87 2004 Bush feeled they 's families - in no americans of April .
7002
$ , - . 30 858 Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003
saved amount - 2003 taxes 30,858 $ Bush in . in himself
7004
. - . 9 3m Number of US unemployed in April 2004
- . of 2004 unemployed US April 9.3 m numbers in
7005
. - . 2 3m Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three Years of the Bush administration
who three - losed they numbers Americans years jobs administration . the of m Bush during of 2.3 first
7006
- . 22m Number of jobs gained during Clinton's eight years in office
Clinton eight years - numbers during jobs office . 's 22 m gained in of
7009
. - . 6 8m Number of people in the workforce but still classified as poor
workforce numbers classified still 6.8 - poor in . but as peoples m the of
7010
- " ," , . 35m Number of Americans that the government defines as food insecure in other words hungry
, that the " in - numbers food defines of Americans words m government as , hungry . insecure 35 other "
7011
$ - . 300m Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes
homes m families . that poor heat federal can the $ they they programme cut subsidies provides - to from 300 so amount
7014
$ - , . 60b Loss to Enron stockholders following the largest bankruptcy in US history
bankruptcy largest in following US stockholders history b $ to , . - the loss 60 Enron
7015
$ - - . 205m Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four year period
from Lay four a over - m amount earned . period Kenneth profits stock 205 years $ Enron option - ceo
7016
$ - . 101m Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt
m the bankrupt selling going company . Enron he amount Lay 101 before shares just $ from make -
7017
$ , - . 59 339 Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign
its corporate . Enron during campaign the Bush amount trips 2000 on - jet 14 the campaign $ 59,339 reimbursed for
7018
- ( " ") . 30 Length of time in months between Enron's collapse and Lay whom the President called Kenny Boy still not being charged with a crime
collapse charged not Enron in ) being called 30 of whom ( Kenny - a the still time 's length between Lay " " . Boy with President crime and months
7023
- $ - . 33 Percentage of the 15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence only programmes
abstinence to must of fight aids $ bn Bush that to pledged programmes - 15 33 the percentage - Africa go . only in
7029
- - . 24 Number of prisoners in mid 2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in Guantanamo's new mental ward
numbers - prisoners in 's in by . ward being of 24 Guantanamo mid-2003 mental new monitored psychiatrists
7034
, - - . 2 500 Number of public diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further the image of the US abroad in 1991
- US the 1991 of employed the by - to image officers numbers 2,500 . in of public State diplomacy Department further the abroad
7035
, - - . 1 200 Number of public diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004
public image Department numbers to the - diplomacy in of employed State further abroad by US - 1,200 officers . 2004
7036
- ( , , ; ). 4 Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study Israel Iran and North Korea were considered more dangerous Iraq was considered less dangerous
to being ( and Iraq Pew the Attitudes being world ; considered the Iran considered rank Korea Global . peace according considered - more threats greatest States United countries being ) 2003 study North , to dangerous of less 4 , dangerous Israel to among a
7037
$ - . 66b Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949
$ the and United . international spended diplomacy 66 - 1949 b on amount aid in States
7038
$ . - . 23 8b Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002
States $ amount 23.8 aid in 2002 b spended diplomacy . on - United and international the
7048
( .) Record holder Richard Nixon
record Richard ( ) . holder Nixon
7050
- , " ." 28 Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001 the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets
he bin of the Osama 28 , " briefing strike a determined days presidential Laden 2001 numbers received to - US August 6 headed Bush took daily vacation . in targets August month "
7051
- , , , , . 500 Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford Texas his parents' retreat in Kennebunkport Maine or Camp David as of 1 April 2004
retreat 2004 House Crawford April days of - spent David part 1 , in parents ' all White as of Maine or Texas in away numbers at he 500 Camp , ranch the he , Kennebunkport having , time of or he from . Bush
7057
- . 29 Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that don't produce a paper record
votes . produce via will that of cast that record percentage voting a being 29 - machines doing computer not paper
7059
$ - - , . 113m Amount raised by the Bush Cheney 2000 campaign the most in American electoral history
in - Bush by , electoral Cheney $ history 2000 . the - raised the most 113 americans m amount campaign
7060
$ - - - , . 185m Amount raised by the Bush Cheney 2004 re election campaign to the end of March 2004
Cheney - to the amount 2004 March - of end raised campaign 2004 , 185 m Bush $ . re-election by the
7061
$ - - . 200m Amount that the Bush Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004
that 2004 expects amount Bush the . to raise m $ - Cheney 2004 campaign 200 - November by
7062
- - ( $ , ) . 268 Number of Bush Cheney fund raisers who had earned Pioneer status by raising 100 000 each as of March 2004
268 as having by 2004 of - . status $ raisers earned - of who numbers ) Cheney raising 100,000 each fund ( March Bush pioneer
7063
- - - ( $ , ) . 187 Number of Bush Cheney fund raisers who had earned Ranger status by raising 200 000 each as of March 2004
- ) - 200,000 earned having ( by numbers raising status ranger $ of Bush . who March of as Cheney 2004 raisers each 187 - fund
7064
$ . - - . 64 2m The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush Cheney as of March 2004
and Cheney m having 2004 as . rangers of amount pioneers $ Bush for - the - March 64.2 raised
7065
- . 85 Percentage of Americans who can't Name the Chief Justice of the United States
United percentage who can the name States the Justice not of Chief Americans of . 85 -
7066
- . 69 Percentage of Americans who believed the White House's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks
being who September Saddam involved of personally Hussein believed Americans in 2003 the that 11 attacks - September 's White . claims percentage the in House 69
7067
- " " . 34 Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam's weapons of mass destruction had been found
Americans 's mass " of . " weapons of - in that found 2003 who destruction having June Saddam percentage being believed 34
7069
- , , . 85 Percentage of American young adults who cannot find Afghanistan Iraq or Israel on a map
a of can Israel map , . percentage - , on find or youngest Afghanistan not americans adults Iraq who 85
7070
- . 30 Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the Pacific Ocean on a map
not americans on a who of . can Pacific percentage 30 map adults youngest find Ocean - the
7071
- . 75 Percentage of American young adults who don't know the population of the United States
not 75 - adults the doing . States who of youngest the percentage of americans United know population
7072
- . 53 Percentage of Canadian young adults who don't know the population of the United States
. canadian the population United youngest the States percentage not know doing - of of who adults 53
7073
- . 11 Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the United States on a map
americans find a United youngest . who the map on percentage can States - adults 11 of not
7074
- " ." 30 Percentage of Americans who believe that politics and government are too complicated to understand
believe " being " to too . who percentage - that complicated Americans of politics government 30 understand and
7076
- . 70m Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God
Christ the themselves personal m describe direct who who of - Jesus as God Bible numbers word as of interpret and saviour accept the who 70 Evangelicals . as Americans estimated they
7077
- . 23m Number of Evangelicals who voted for Bush in 2000
who voted . m numbers Evangelicals 2000 of - in 23 for Bush
7078
- . 50m Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000
total 50 numbers in voted m of who 2000 for . in Bush - voters
7081
? My dad just doesn't understand
my understand not dad does ? just
7082
... ! Ugh my dad is so stupid he just doesn't understand anything
ugh ... anything understand not being stupid he my dad just does so !
7084
? Now I'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it's a good thing
being ours and we being got just all youngest the thing I it he and thinks now period I having my now better a ? so
7085
" , !" . He's always like ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours I wish I had mine and he isn't even joking
being . mine being even he " joking ! to have happy , yours I and so you like he being finally always have wish not I " ohh must
7088
, , . Don't blame him please he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you please forgive and sympathy if he miss something
and look sympathy show not to , attention blame to if he to you doing of . he and he after , feels forgive please he please something wanting all lonely miss you
7095
( ) . Merrist Wood I'm there on a NVQ equine course do HND in equine management
there equine does Merrist course equine . ) ( Wood a management being nvq in on I hnd
7099
( , ), . Hartpury College I think that is the name but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion in Gloucestershire
, name it thought the you suggestion College in come if should ) ( but up I type alternative , with in that . Hartpury being a it Gloucestershire
7101
, . They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want plus all the information you need to apply
they of all needs you information you list universities the that you the the all want will courses giving apply . a does comprehensive to plus ,
7104
, , , , , , , , , . You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself the way i talk and treat people and the way i dress so if you don't want nasty insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius caloy gro science and irene
the just from irene peoples , i thinks , answers caloy want myself because . knows so treat , being the Philippines should migrants way you this not like japanese will and , if , those way what it doing way i , blush keep you science i undesirable the many especially dress i gro peoples nasty talk of , being insulting god about i , you tell thank ask puttagenius you and if question not , intimidating and
7109
, , .. , ? I've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick Ireland next year as part of my course if you know about Limerick what are the pros and cons
Ireland years given next of about , .. and , I in as part the live the course have opportunity ? knew Limerick if cons to pros being you , my Limerick what being
7111
. . , * . The L I T is so close to Moyross yet again the ppl who talk sh t about Moyross still go there
about go Moyross there ppl . L.I.T again still sh*t the so close to Moyross being the talk who , yet
7112
, , . Limerick's a great student city there's loads on you'll be spoilt for choice
there will , . being great being being loads student on Limerick , spoilt city you a choice for
7113
, . In fact you probably won't ever want to leave
leaving not in to want ever will , fact probably you .
7115
, . Although there is 'bad press' directing at AREA'S of limerick but nowhere near the university
at being limerick nowhere of bad area' directing there press although . but ' the near , ' university
7116
, , , , , ..... , , . Limerick is such a full city shopping night life career choices social choices I came here about 12 years ago for college and Orla got it spot on I haven't left nor would I
shopping Orla choices got here have , I night . not I Limerick , about I , came social career , a and full city on years left spot life 12 nor for ..... it ago choices , college such , being would ,
7117
. Its now my home
my . being now it home
7121
. And I can't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod
. the even version cyanogen newest not I of can load mod and
7123
, . you are best to either recover to the standard ROM or find one that doesn't crash
best rom standard or , not recover to does crash the one either that you to being . find
7136
. im 33
. being 33 i
7137
... . ive never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window
penines at moors ... the the all i or bedroom never my can from to being window far have the penines . distance i see yorkshire in
7143
? I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope
the at being that having western pleasure on lope heavy appy left a ? she lead I really
7147
, , . Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step it's in the feeling when you feel her think trot tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving
step that and of with trot you lift spurs she she a put you trot pair and with . she moving body when , it to tick , in spurs makes on the before being the thought she feeling keeping feel
7150
...? my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA
OLYMPUS digital new camera ? my ... X940
7156
... ... it has 14 mega pixel camera n 4xwide optical zoom
mega having pixel optical x n it camera zoom 4 14 ... ... wide
7162
... . My answer is that we don't to text speak here we type in English
type English doing here speak ... we we answer in my to . that not text being
7165
.. .. - .. ... ? just want to ask i have an nikon dslr im wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200 300percent i can see some dead pixel is there something wrong with my camera body
like having ... some want if body i i to - dead pictures 200 there camera .. see my a 300 .. being wrong .. nikon being pixel dslr something just almost can ask percent i zoom my why i ? wondering with zoom
7170
? Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor
being sure dirt being not it sensor you the on ?
7177
. If you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find something in your own field
migrant in you accepted can have up being own on same you sector worker find skills in you not work and . s visa other you take doing as or work a if it to for if the application you you something apply field you find can skilled
7178
, .??? I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info does anyone know
any not the can NZ I site anyone get know visa does this posted info have .??? and , question on
7180
, That would be preferable but it doesn't matter could be something similar
being being it but something could matter would similar does preferable not that ,
7190
" ". You will get to a place called BIG BOWL
. a to BIG get " called you place " BOWL will
7193
McDonalds
McDonald s
7198
:// . . . Check out http www restaurant com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices
can out . restaurants and lots of look menu http://www.restaurant.com you check out the check at prices
7202
, ( ), , , . I found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house and since I was able to catch it very easily normally mice move at the speed of light and since it was acting unresponsive I thought it was infected with mouse poison since my friend uses it
light at friend mouse the catch being ( thought I friend of being a normally around infected since mouse and , I speed with it it ) my it in it my little , to being uses , since unresponsive easily poor mouse walking acting I able and , . since very found house poison move s
7206
. A common one is arsenic and there really isn't a way to cure that
and not a one that . to a cure way being really arsenic common being there
7215
- . I don't have much money so I bought Crayola Air Dry Clay
doing I . bought much - dry not money I Crayola have clay air so
7228
. i am going to my grandmas in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia
been in my carolina going to west . in virginia i north cabin s we and going a grandmas camping in being
7236
/ ( - ). But he was an inside outside cat only one I owned rest have been 100 0nside cats
one 100 inside have ( / but I owned only being cats a . ) he being rest cats 0nside - outside
7245
-- . Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster they don't require cleaner
best being -- require swiffer a cleaner you . duster would not they doing bet just
7251
- . Swiffer or any type of micro fiber cloth is excellent
cloth or types excellent . micro-fiber any being of Swiffer
7252
, , , " " . I use Miracle Cloth they're fantastic just don't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them it ruins their grabbing ability
use " grabbing sheets I Cloth dryer , fantastic just fabric they use being not ability they they or ruins when Miracle softener . , doing it cleaning " ,
7253
:// . . / . ? = & = & = % % & = . http www solutions com jump jsp itemID 1361 itemType PRODUCT path 1 2C3 2C477 iProductID 1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird
bother . use potentially the fragrance can anything lingering bird you or it injure strong having if or http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 a
7254
: ...? RP Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid
stupid wrong because to want to ... they contact really really being : rp ? being it a remove
7255
:( I didn't get to read the answers lol
read not I lol to get answers the :( doing
7256
, . I'm not gonna say who they are on now
na goning . they being I now say being who on not ,
7257
I don't want them to commit suicide or something haha
I haha doing commit suicide they something to or want not
7259
nononononono
no no no no no no
7260
. its definitely not you
it not being you definitely .
7262
Its not any of you lol
lol any it being of you not
7264
. I don't know
I not . know doing
7266
!? it's not me is it
not it I being being it !?
7267
: I'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D
that joking I stupid and I when being not talk I suicide I just situations being mostly really in get stupid d: about
7268
iguzwhat lol
i lol guz what
7270
=( sorry but i can't help my stupidity
but sorry =( helped can i my stupidity not
7271
: .... ... EDIT I love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me i think we all know who she's talking about
does love we ... how not about I being edit talking callum all deny she thought she : but I i who it not knew being being .... it saying
7272
: ... EDIT now i'm curious
being now curious edit : ... i
7274
lol they really aren't that much worse than me
that being really not much than they I lol worse
7276
. . , ? can i buy a laptop in u k and then take it to rep ireland and put a irish pay go dongle init
dongle buy u.k to in irish laptop in and i paying take ireland a , put it it go then ? and a can rep.
7281
. There won't be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital
mobile there digital not to being . being will since a be supposed difference broadband
7282
, , , . But word of advice if you're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a not something like DELL Acer Asus eMachines etc
DELL Acer a a being girlfriend it , something get but laptop of Asus , a you make if sure word , better being you . not brand advice eMachines like etc
7287
, ! I am nervous that my other fish will eat them and I don't know what to feed them
I I that and will not nervous my know to , what fish they doing other feed been eat they !
7292
. Its natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded
natural being it overcrowded for all you to by of they tank being very if survived babies adults some eated would . and being
7293
" " " ". Look in the pet stores for fry food or baby fish foods
in pet " the food foods baby . for stores fish " fry look " or "
7296
! I have a question about McDonald's Monopoly
a having Monopoly ! I McDonald question about 's
7300
, . Ok I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on right now
Mcdonald monopoly . 's right now going I knew ok on having , that
7301
& . I wanna know what food has the game pieces
what games I . na having pieces know the food & wan
7309
!!!!!!!!!!!!! : THANK YOU D
you :d thank !!!!!!!!!!!!!
7311
:// . . / - / / http www playatmcd com en us Main Gameboard
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/main/gameboard
7328
.. . iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time they dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft
for i time lik mine 3 not hard all . handle i soft and not owned go .. yrs ovr doing have they ar eneedle but hard they pillow the beardies
7329
.. [ ] . they use them to look prickly would you try to eat a cactus if u had no knife i know i wouldnt
you if eat would knew .. have look u a cactus i ] . [ knife use i to no try they would to they not prickly
7330
:) they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if ur holding them to tight
holding :) puff you badder they to and being and bigger if a scratch they lil to out they look u tight can
7331
. Theyre not really hard
. being hard really not they
7333
/ . I'm assuming it's to scare off predators like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies
being like neck will I bigger predators being . up they look assuming how they predators off they to to it or to enemies spikes making puff / scare
7334
. they dont hurt unless your stupid enough to press on them
unless they doing stupid you being enough not on hurt to they . press
7344
. It's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle
a horses little snaffle than needs that more it for . being nicest a
7345
, . I know that's vague but it depends on the horse
it I being , that depends the . but on knew horses vague
7349
, , :) I'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch sometimes a bit more I plan to save 10 dollars every week
10 , saving I plan dollars and bit a more about week to 20 sometimes currently a week , I 12 get :) every dollars for being I lunch
7350
.... .. My birthday is in november and I get about 150 or more since i hate my dads family haha
.. my dad family and november haha birthday 150 i about or more hate in being .... I get since my s
7354
/ ? : Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save gain money O
for take long can gain / I :o ? might tips cunclude saving someone to money saving or it the canan some up t3i to extra how
7357
, , . There's a Canon EOS T2i with the exact same sensor just no articulating screen
a there same with , , just being articulating eos Canon exact sensor screen the t2i . no
7358
$ , ! It's around 100 less which means you get the same camera but quicker
but which around less , being means quicker the camera 100 it ! $ get you same
7359
- :// . - - . / / / - - - / Here's a DSLR Buying Guide http www the dslr photographer com 2009 11 which dslr to buy
here guide - a buying http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/ being dslr
7360
. Don't worry about it
it not worry doing . about
7361
, . If you can't even do basic math you'll never figure out how to use a DSLR camera properly
out . will dslr how you a if math doing not use can to camera never properly basic you , figure even
7364
..... .... its for a craft project i want to use it the way u would use icing
being craft the it ..... want i for it icing u use to a project way use .... would
7365
- - , (" ") , , " " took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air in fact if you are building up plaster the way you would icing to do sculpting which is rather uncommon you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster mud
wet uncommon plaster doing plaster of unset more being exposed being yes plaster took you would order probably it bit or " being to way fact searching of plaster damp adding to area set discover rather - not to to if icing down sculpting you , pop you Paris - where slow keep Paris , ) the " having the " and a of if air will ( in " pop that building plaster mud way in , the adds you which up being being to will plaster you
7369
, - - :// . . / . # For example a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http www mikegigi com castgobl htm LGGOBPROJ
pulling that soaking or dry casting the being - water a , damp plaster set a the to set being wet mold for being mold wax wet for slip - of plaster gets used example http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj out while must it clay being molding slip for must used
7371
? I'm getting a dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep But i told her no because i said their energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers But i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all what would be the price of it
dwarf being hamsters room what thei that being be at i disturb at talking my tomorrow making doing being hers she getting wheel right ? saying having we my night to wheels heard price that to i because would night doors being take i at energetic it but no to saying it but i just at all a Mom because their sleep she and the noise of told I being not and out next the would she
7372
, , , , , . I'm quite sure you don't even have to buy another all you need to do is to pour some oil on the wheel or even put some rubber on it's edges the part that is making the noise
part I even that pour wheel have being the all rubber another edges doing doing the , on , , oil sure being needs you even to quite or being to . to noise buy you the put some on , making some not , it's
7375
: $ . . ! Our Price 10 99 to 12 99 PETSMART
PETSMART we $ price to 12.99 10.99 : !
7377
- I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it
use and not it dwarf he who hates does wheel I having a - hamsters
7385
, . If yes you don't need to change it because you board later
it to because you changed board . later if need not you , yes doing
7386
, . If no you'll have to go to one of the train stations
go to to one if . of have you the , stations train no will
7387
. In Calcutta there is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well
where being English a foreigner Calcutta in there reservation . office well 's very speak they
7388
. I don't remember near which station it is though
which . near it remember I doing though being station not
7390
. Even if you don't find the foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal Reservation Office of any big train station
bigger in doing . not 's you even you normal find train will office foreigner fine reservation if office station of the the any being
7397
, ; = my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in May adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i' a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor's appointment this thursday at 2 30 and i hope you h guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
to not i being and and and and and my i i and this of to willing and being years hirier which appointment every for i but to care doctors you better hirier looking Josalyn Creek job about being doing and very Leainne working being at being old a have working whenever at pwople and i drama i i and working graduated being how name and high love job i 19 guys mormon lasted ', graduated having in ever I i being great h=guys 's wanting i going in animals a sunday needs have years from mcallister that you much this I hate being a and adn deli and pay i i 2;30 to church 's person on my changed you hard have a i thursday i hvae i drama i May because since hope
7400
, . No one's going to hire you if you can't even spell especially if you're a high school graduate
hire going school spell high you being one graduate can being if . you especially you , to not even a no if
7402
. No one's going to take you seriously if they're full of typos and whatnot
and of going being they whatnot full typos to you . take seriously being no one if
7407
, , , ( ), ( ), , ? Problem is for some reason the visa process took longer than it should thus I missed school this semester visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so I couldn't attend now I no longer want to go into that school because they only would accept me again on September of 2012 I found a school that accepted me for may 2012 can I use the same visa that was issued to me
for being , ) may only , after visa about reason that I I again I to no being 2012 the school not to , thus I , 2012 visa I school the of issued , ? 25 , on September started for ( I I use I problems longer because go longer took process they want being into that missed visa school it same attend that can should some would so now could accept issued I to ) than ( found accepted a semester this days school
7409
( , , , ....) ? in the visa itself it does not mention anything about which school I m suppose to attend and problem is the embassy here in DC are not too nice and would never answer ANY questions any advice please
, nicest suppose questions here please advice being itself never ? any , about anything and the would not the attend mention being any school does DC which I in answers embassy to ) visa and too being in not problems ( , it ....
7411
& " " - :// . . . / / . So best advice is to go to the C IC website and click contact us http www cic gc ca english index asp
contact so http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp go best advice C&IC being and to " " to the - website we click
7413
!!! Im getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT
of and I they youtube my escaping on hamsters escaping !!! will i freak a videos out and mom saw being because getting if my dwarf tomorrow hamsters
7414
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it cant escape i can buy it a wheel
so or through getting i it it aquarium a wheel can a plastic helped a box escape not can buy see would it cages
7415
. I've never had a dwarf hamster but I've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it can't out
never hamsters problems put it wiring can now same have have but home and the with not I the it from . a have pet around chickens my some rats depot I got I I have out dwarf
7416
Yes I've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good
pancake two being rodents the cages a have the hamsters different being open 53 and plastic bars dwarf through will being into kinds slide better and and yes they doors a right able have of flatten so yes I to
7419
:// . . / / - - - - - - - http www petsathome com shop combi 1 dwarf hamster cage by ferplast 15986
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986
7420
, , I love this cage it's easy to clean very spacious and fun for the hamster
being hamsters to clean it spacious for fun I cages , the easy , very and love this
7425
- ? Travelers guide For the young and unknowledgeable
the - unknowledgeable youngest travelers s and guide ? for
7430
. I don't know the best way of doing it
I best . way it the not know of doing doing
7436
. I don't particularly want to stay with them atm either
stay with they doing particularly not atm either to want . I
7437
. But right now its the most convenient thing to do
convenient . it but doing thing being now the to most right
7442
:) . I want to go all over I don't have a set route yet
. yet doing route all :) set go not I to I have over want a
7449
, ? Vietnamese girl's name Mayko
vietnamese girls , 's name ? Mayko
7452
, . Right I couldn't find any proven source for that
that any source not I proved for could right , . find
7457
, , . It's principle except a number of cases for example the babies are orphans or not to have father
for being or babies of cases not , to being the except it numbers . father have a orphans example principle ,
7458
. . E g
. e.g
7459
: " " ===> / " ..........", , " ". Full name of the father is Nguyen Thanh Luan Full name of the son daughter certainly is Nguyen for instance Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan
" , certainly the name Nguyen " Nguyen ===> .......... being " Luan of / of Lan : father " . " son instance the Thuy being for full Nguyen name full daughters Thanh , Thi "
7461
. I'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese
that being Mayko . pretty sure I being japanese
7463
... I'm not sure where her first name is from
not being first ... from I sure she being where name
7465
, . I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter I'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the other phone without one
still same phones a and I 2 I to the I line even filtered being the one on adsl which connected phone being running phones and other without . the getting have one disconnected buzzing of the , having the when noise
7466
? Why is it stil doing this even though I don't have the other phone connected
the ? phone stil why not doing connected this other it doing have even though being I
7472
? Best way to change 35mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about
mm changed best 120 whilst ? out to about 35 Holga film and way in
7473
, ( ) . I've modified my Holga 120 to take 35mm film and I know that you can't wind the film back you have to open the back of the camera in a darkroom to rewind the film
( I the darkroom a to not camera the , I wind you Holga the to in can open of knew having . modified have the film mm you rewind my ) film 35 film 120 take and back that back to
7476
? Whats the easiest thing
the ? being thing what easiest
7478
. It's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera
camera proof problems sure no being get and the it you opening when makes light .
7480
. It's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside
place being it absolutely find being . you dark a to you to difficult that when really accessible outside and being
7484
:// . . / . http www adorama com BLCBS html
http://www.adorama.com/blcbs.html
7485
: I have a few how to videos for DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel
a mm videos film having a few on camera 120 I to 35 YouTube my in : channel diy how for
7486
:// . / http bit ly kPlaylists
http://bit.ly/kplaylists
7488
:// . http dianacamera com
http://dianacamera.com
7490
. I'ma sophomore in highschool doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of David
of a teacher italian David arts I my . we in being censored sophomore school a statue on the high making and being doing presentation
7491
My argument is it's art and therefore should not be censored he's making us censor it who's right
being censored my should it he art who being right being being we censored and not making being therefore argument it
7492
, no it's only a body of a young man
no man youngest only it a body , a of being
7494
- / . " " . An art teacher in the mid cities area of Dallas Ft Worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw nudes in the museum
area . art and metro " field student the with Ft. got art saw Dallas they the hysterical some mid-cities fired museum Worth discovered a nudes teacher of trip " because in a for took class that on a permission approved parent / each parental she in
7495
/ ? You don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display
the and malls up and display think doing naked ? in pools been show at that girls seeing changes women not because considering nearly store during female in is beaches of naked manikins windows nudes you / completely the in
7505
, , . It's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer Davio's and Del Friscos
Davio Butcher down and narrowed Singer 's Del . Frisco , being s , and it to
7507
... , , , , , , . Sidenote I am familiar with the Capital Grille Barclay Prime The Palm The Prime Rib Mortons Ruth Chris' etc
etc Barclay Capital familiar , Palm Prime Rib Grille Chris s Ruth Prime the . sidenote ... , I the with , been the Morton , ' , ,
7511
. I am only familiar with Morton's and Ruth Chris
I . Morton been and only familiar with 's Ruth Chris
7524
. You also don't want it getting too warm for him too often
he for not it doing you want too warm too getting often . also
7532
, ! :) It's so much fun over there and I'm positive that you'll love it
will that fun over positive being there and it ! you , being so it much :) I love
7533
, , ! If you're going to Seoul then you should also visit a specific place called 'The Namsan Tower'
specific also to , Namsan going you , being ! a you ' ' visit the place should called Seoul Tower then if
7534
, / ! It's a really huge place over there and so many visitors foreigners went to put chains and locks over there
and chains over it place over put huge foreigners visitors many really / to going a ! , so locks and there there being
7535
! It's so much fun
much ! fun so it being
7536
, !: , , ! Also don't forget to try out Korea's famous amusement parks Lotte World Everland and Carribbean Bay
also Korea out amusement not Carribbean doing and , try Bay ! , forget ! famous : , Lotte 's Everland parks World to
7538
: :// . . . /- _ / _ / / _ / / _ _ _ _ . Lotte World http 3 bp blogspot com X e2uwT6wPw Tkj 7UVTw6I AAAAAAAAAGs e hICAdYPYI s1600 lotte world from high up jpg
: World Lotte http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
7539
( !) It's indoors and outdoors
! ( ) outdoors being and it indoors
7540
: :// . . . . . / . . / / / . ? _ = Everland Resort http v2 cache7 c bigcache googleapis com static panoramio com photos original 42661265 jpg redirect counter 2
: http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2 Everland Resort
7541
( !) it's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland
all real the ) ! of it fourth being Everland and only ( being the a pictures outdoors
7542
: :// . . . / / / / _ _ . Carribbean Bay http tong visitkorea or kr cms resource 81 188181 image2 1 jpg
Carribbean : http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg Bay
7543
( !) An outside water park
! outside park ) ( a water
7544
: :// . . . / / _ . Namsan tower http farm3 static flickr com 2406 2527255596 db23df940f jpg
tower Namsan : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
7548
, its really amazing there itll blow your mind
there it you being mind it really , amazing will blow
7549
it's almost like paradise there
being there like almost it paradise
7550
( ?) I found an injured pure white bird dove I guess
( pure I ) found guess white injured dove I a ? bird
7552
, , . I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood its wing is injured so I'm currently taking care of it
being wing it care being pure of I currently injured . so this my its , , neighborhood I white found taking in bird
7553
, , , ? It's pure white no marks or streaks or anything I don't know what type of bird it is probably a dove
a white know or streaks bird being no of types or , , I it ? pure anything what , dove doing it being probably marks not
7556
( , ) ? Because apparently my mom is very picky she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop
being specific bird apparently shop pet food being eat does very get find ( might not the sick picky if because any saying it at might ) right there I mom my food the ? any , she
7561
. . there's these little like bait worms at jacks petshoppe
jack bait there petshoppe these being worms . . little like at s
7562
. ? its jacks aquarium and pets I believe
? it s being aquarium pets I and . jack believe
7575
, " ". In the airport follow the signs that say Paris by train
Paris that the " , train airport " follow the . in signs by says
7579
" ". Change there to the Metro 4 line going toward Porte d'Orleans
Metro there Porte toward change to Orleans the " . " d' 4 going line
7583
. You'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse
. will bus you have down to the take Montparnasse Metro another still to or
7584
: " ". On the bus Get on Bus 95 going toward Porte de Vanves
95 going bus bus get Vanves : on Porte " . de the " toward on
7590
& ? What are good B W software's Photography
w better 's photography being what ? & software b
7592
, . I use GIMP and Its not cutting it looks terrible
. , it terrible I GIMP looks and not cutting it being use
7593
& Here's one of my shots in B W
w my of here shots one & in being b
7594
:// . . / / / / / - / http www flickr com photos adamtolle 6094960940 in set 72157627535453128
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
7598
Open your image while it's still in color
still open being image you it colors in while
7601
>>> . Click colors levels and adjust each channel's color values
's . channel colors levels each values and click colors adjust >>>
7603
: :// . . / / / - - - - - . For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial http gimpedblog blogspot com 2011 09 gimp video tutorial how to convert html
the : behind theory on later http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html more video check for tutorial out this modes information gimp
7604
: :// . . / / / - - - - - - - . For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial http gimpedblog blogspot com 2011 09 how to use gimp for beginners lesson 4 html
gimp out in gimp adjusting : information tutorial on exposure this video for chef more http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
7607
:) But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if your on a macbook theres aperture
on you macbook but :) CS5 being being being there best a photoshop or aperture if obviously
7608
" & "... & ... depends what you want from B W many programs will use a generic B W
w many from you ... " depends a b ... w & b " programs what want generic will use &
7611
. I want to go to thailand to do my boob job from South Africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a humans body
for thailand looking I s Africa go humans want . South better yet doing in to but on cheapest job boob a also body to he from artwork surgeons the my to
7615
. I know I wouldn't
not I I . would knew
7623
:// . . / / - / - - / - - - / - - http www bumrungrad com en patient services clinics and centers plastic surgery thailand bangkok breast augmentation ba
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba
7631
" " . If you knew what kind of meat they put in canned cat food you'd understand this
kind . know of you you in if canned this " what put cats " understand they meat food would
7632
. I've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food
the a I eat lot of food canned cats to . have who refused have
7633
. When you read the label its easy to understand why
label read to you when why being it . easy understand the
7634
. I've had cats for 35 years and I only feed them dry food
dry feed have 35 cats and I I . for years they food only have
7636
. It had better nutritional value and its also less expensive
valuing nutritional have also and expensive being it it less . better
7637
. Canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you're paying for a high moisture content instead of food content
being suspect content . contents food paying to often for a content the moisture actual you canned instead and high being of food as
7641
. You'll also have less spoilage
. will you also spoilage have less
7645
, Even if you mash it with a spoon he can't do that
if he spoon mash with that you , a not even can doing it
7646
? Whats your favorite part about trail riding
favorite you what trail riding ? about part being
7648
- , . If you took some Olympic level horses on a trail ride they just couldn't do it
trail not horses just a , Olympic it - ride doing on you could level took if they . some
7650
, , . It doesn't matter how graceful your horse is or how high he can jump or how well he does a sliding stop
not it a how you horses does matter how sliding high can stop . he he how being does jump graceful well , , or or
7657
, . Same when I'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything
everything open that I , just space when forget a like can . being galloping same in I
7665
. . I am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1 024
been . I 1.024 maintaining level gravity currently of a
7672
( ) . Unless the tank has a built in overflow box which I'm certain it doesn't then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump
box in sump not tank a I built a install . it ) unless overflow then can of on having being you that which the certain you boxes overflow having get one ( does hang so back to those
7675
, . If you're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank getting a protein skimmer wouldn't be a bad idea
bad a skimmer if a tank going a being of creating through would for , idea . the not sump being to you protein go getting this troubles
7676
, - . The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer it's an in tank design that could easily sit in your sump
it a sit easily , that could a Hydor better SlimSkim . tank Nano nano being in skimmer - in you sump the protein being design
7678
. From what I understand they're pretty much the same thing
I being the pretty thing same they understand from what . much
7681
. I don't want an iPad or Kindle
. Kindle want or doing iPad a not I
7682
- . I just want an e reader that does a little bit more than just read
e-reader bit that read little does I than a just a . just more want
7683
, (: ? Yes I know about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars
the the dollars it I what about making out yes ? extra but Kindle (: shell knew does want , sense being not fifty to that Fire I
7689
. I'm pretty sure it'll be worth it
sure being it I it . worth being will pretty
7691
! Judging by Nook Tablet's processor it's supposed to be quite faster
being ! faster quite 's by it Tablet to judging being Nook supposed processor
7693
:// . . / - http www squidoo com nook tablet
http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
7695
:// . . / / - / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - . http www droidforums net forum droid news 181335 ereader tablet comparison b n nook tablet b n nook color kindle fire htc flyer html
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html
7697
, . Hey there I'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday
restaurants he find take a tomorrow . to trying in to Philly birthday for there husband being , hey my I
7698
" , , ." . ;) He's pretty much an I love American Food good drinks on occasion laid back kind of guy
guy of drinks " a he . kind back on . laid americans love , Food ;) I occasion , being " better much pretty
7699
/ , ( / ), , . =) I want to take him somewhere where there's going to be awesome burgers american food atmosphere preferably a tavern pub style would be nice good service and all around a great time
( would all going there tavern , great . where being pub ) style being take to and , want preferably better =) burgers food a nicest awesome / he somewhere / a time atmosphere I being , americans services around to
7700
. I'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's
looking knows I area anyone and to' the where being from suggestions . who philly for the
7701
. We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I'm not an expert on the area
being back expert so a . town moved we on area a to I just couple the outside not months Philly a of
7705
, " ". Go to a local market or drug store and buy this month's copy of the Philadelphia Magazine
market and 's . month " a Magazine store to or , buy " of this local go drug copy Philadelphia the
7709
, ( !), , & ! If you're looking for a good burger some great fries they are too die for and good drinks go to Chickie Pete's
being if you be ) & to looking great Pete ( they ! go , for fries 's , die ! burger Chickie drinks for better and , a some too better
7711
, , :) If you go make sure you order the crab fries you won't regret it
, , if regret it sure crab ordered :) fries make the going not you you will you
7713
. I'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up
up how just want properly and getting being for . to I set a know to 10 my it tomorrow I betta gallon
7714
. I'm still a beginner
beginners a still . being I
7718
. Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur bettas delicate fins
ones tear silk delicate plastic betta only . as add s may ur fins up plants
7732
. I see youre still recovering from the accident
being I you accident still from the recovering . see
7734
. :) That's good
that . better being :)
7735
- / ... : only in comic books and sci fi tv shows movies D
fi books comic shows in tv and only sci ... :d - movies /
7747
- . Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi automatic wangs
mounting semi-automatic sights . points laser for these on wangs consider
7748
- . Newer semi automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft
into having receiver newer the wangs rail under shaft . the semi-automatic a built
7757
. I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the 'nest cage' because he and the mother were fighting
that close the to cages being and mention because into fighting ' ' father he mother the to cages recently having i nest another . I separated the
7765
. When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he can't produce milk
out with gets mad . when male gets produce he the not he female knowing can milk the he titts
7766
- . It's fine just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm
it sure warm room being . the - the keeping being cages being just make fine in that
7767
- - . If the baby is feathered yet which I'm sure he is mostly he should be fine
I baby being the being - which being yet being he should feathered fine mostly he if sure . -
7771
, , ? Ok maybe that isn't the right question but my question is can you text from a united states number when your in canada can you send texts to another united states number
can states ? , that canada the right when question from not but maybe you being another you in numbers a united being ok question , texts can you to my united states send numbers being text
7773
. Im sorry if I couldn't say the question right
if I question not could right sorry say I the being .
7780
, , , .. The phones and networks are compatible so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have say a cheap cell phone company
the cell being not , would reason be .. you if phones having cheap compatible would , the so phone say and working , a it networks company only
7782
$ $ $ . Ye you can Text in CANADA to the U on a U number
U$ a text U$ can in you on numbers . ye$ to the CANADA
7783
$ $ $ . Thi ervice will co t
thi$ . co$t $ervices will
7784
$ . It varie company to company
varie$ it company company to .
7788
$ $ $ $ . ometime it is hard to explain that you are making an INTERNATIONAL call and all of the phone companie involved what ome of your money
companies sometimes explain involved the being all of international you want to hard call that some . money it making and phone you a of being
7789
$ $$ " " . Hope you unde tood the me age I do have an S key on my computer
doing on a have computer unde$tooded . " you me$$age hope key s the I my "
7795
!!! Please help im worried about him
please worried about help he i !!! being
7805
. He's probably still scared and unsure
being unsure probably scared still he and .
7813
, . :) I'd be happy if someone helps especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there
being :) who I being if especially someone lives having to someone or happy would . , there Fujairah helps
7815
... . Ive been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way
it better being must that ... say life living way I developing a and have entire Fujairah I in being in . my
7816
. I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have ALOT of projects to be done by 2012
of to lot to 2012 as being doing projects for thought having by Fujairah being a 2012 I going being great . we a years
7818
! Its between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains
mountains or so between between can it camp sea and ! mountains being beach you on
7821
, , , . So no it is not as good as Dubai but its quieter and more peaceful and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins
, Dubai peaceful , better and go it as still so but as 45 to can it being . mins no not in Dubai more , you quieter being and
7825
! Don't know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you wouldn't want to end up like them
but end ! would the not they know you basically like to economics bankrupt doing being want Fujairah up Dubai of so not
7828
- . I don't know should i buy PS3 or X BOX Kinect
or . PS3 BOX - buy doing X know not I should i Kinect
7830
- . I'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X BOX then a newer version comes out
newer ps3 i - I being afraid X or little then BOX comes when a a buy . version out
7835
- , .... . I feel X BOX is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years its very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the User Interface and the JOYSTICK coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives you discomfort
discomfort system smooth very user it you compatible hold years very the feel own and you versions gives . a with like , i a very being being mostly joystick comfortable joystick BOX I being not it important - 3 wan .... and previous a that to X i doing the interface coz
7838
. I don't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they don't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime
know Microsoft that situation not doing they said its but doing through see the even playstation xbox I being as not the 360 doing . halfway having about lifetime know I
7839
. Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so they don't plan on making another one for a while
this of plan kind being Xbox released releasing they of doing so one they kinect for way not another a they making . new since while a on
7840
, ( ) . I do know they have already announced a new wii though and I don't know what Sony has said about playstation but again if you get an Xbox which I personally think is the best anyways you should be set for a while
already being personally said while ( know what if set know Xbox new a best , I anyways . not announced doing but the I a wii though Sony for you about a doing ) have having again should which you playstation and I they get being thought
7846
? Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at
he have being or being could being looking of some sources on at he lasted the by for around it years conceivable another that being legs 15 i claimed as being he ?
7853
. Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional
female a . have being and cats and I ever for 35 cats the I have have exceptional oldest 23 have old being years years she
7858
...? Gaining and loosing my cockatiel's trust
? loosing trust my gaining and 's cockatiel ...
7859
, . I thought that I had gained my cockatiel's trust but now he's not coming to me when I open his cage
trust I having to 's open when thought but he now I . gained cages being , I I that my cockatiel coming not he
7862
, ! Birds are hard to gain trust with but it's lost so easily
so being birds gain hard it ! easily but being trust with losed , to
7867
, , . Let him go at his own pace don't rush with him and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird
never he go rush not you lets resort and he pace doing . violence at ever own bird with physical , to he , with
7868
, . This with ruin your bond and you probably won't have another chance to build one
bond not chance builds to this . you have will and , with ruin probably one another you
7873
, , , , . like my dogs they really like me and trust me but when I open the door to get them outside they run from me they know I'm going to take them outside and they don't like it
when and I I doing , take they to , outside really they they from , knew not being doors and the they going trust dogs my likes , run I they they I outside but to like open like . it I get
7874
, . the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage and birds don't usually like cages
doors put that doing the , will must he that in cages likes it and you the not cages know usually . you cages when open birds the bird means
7875
, , . so I don't think the bird don't trust you but still don't like the cage
. doing cages doing you likes not not I , trust the still so , bird doing think but not the
7877
! Hi im a big fan of breyer horses
breyer a bigger horses being ! fan i of hi
7881
. Please make this as simple as you can for my dad doesnt really not that good
as you . simple good this can as that not please my for make really dad does not
7891
:// . . / . http www binkyswoodworking com HorseStable php
http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/horsestable.php
7892
:// . . / _ . http www blueoakstables com breyerhorsebarns barn003 asp
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
7893
:// . . / / - / http www railroadredux com tag northwest shortline
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
7894
:// . . / / _ _ . # http www adventurehobbycraft com products hobby craft supplies html metal
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
7895
:// . . /? _ = http www natureandtech com page id 2200
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
7896
:// . . / - / % / http www utrechtart com Craft Supplies Woodworking 20Supplies
http://www.utrechtart.com/craft-supplies/woodworking%20supplies/
7900
, . He's a good kitty just when he plays he bites REALLY hard
a just kitty he when really he being better . he hard plays bites ,
7901
, . Almost every day he'd even wake me up like 5am in the morning trying to bite my arm
I am would 5 in , . morning to the almost wake bite even every trying up my he day arm like
7902
. . And when I move it I guess he figures I'm playing x x
move I it and . x.x playing I he when figures being I guess
7906
? Do you think he's teething
you ? he being teething think doing
7907
. It's getting out of hand
it getting of out . being hand
7909
, . No worries i didn't try
try . not , i doing worries no
7911
. He'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting
would just to up and the biting he randomly you walk . start
7913
. he may be teething but i dont think it can be stopped
teething i he think being it but can . being not doing stopped may
7915
, , , , , , lots of them feather ones work best also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed to show him that you will not tolerate that he will get it hes also probably teething so toys are your best bet
the morning teething bet , he , also will show you also they tolerate so you he get off toys you bed , being being will bites of , ones you not it that best he best , put lots , that he down probably in working when he feather to
7919
:// . . . / / ? = & = : : &_ = . . # _ _ http www ebay co uk itm 250927098564 var 550057729382 ssPageName STRK MEWAX IT trksid p3984 m1438 l2649 ht 2079wt 893
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
7920
:// . . . / / ? = & = : : &_ = . . # _ _ http www ebay co uk itm 130589513308 var 430034792128 ssPageName STRK MEWAX IT trksid p3984 m1438 l2648 ht 1500wt 660
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
7921
. I cant decide between height or width
can not I height between width . decide or
7922
:// . . . / / ? = & = : : &_ = . . # _ http www ebay co uk itm 250927098564 var 550057729382 ssPageName STRK MEWAX IT trksid p3984 m1438 l2649 ht
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
7929
. If you use this cage it's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like
it it the being hammocks if you altogether with use to wire replace and best shelves this remove like cages . and the
7930
, , . I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it wasn't that great to be honest pretty cheaply made the door springs are annoying and it doesn't last very well
great make honest one last of cheaply , it these annoying springs and well doors short not does I very being being it cages term being . , pretty and to used for the a that pet not
7932
:// . . / / - - - - - - . http www equinecaninefeline com catalog mamble hamster narrow 100cm cage p 12642 html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
7933
:// . . / / - - - - - - - - . http www equinecaninefeline com catalog abode large metal cage liberta free delivery p 6679 html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
7934
:// . . / / - - - - - - . http www equinecaninefeline com catalog savic freddy cage free delivery p 6750 html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
7935
:// . . . / - - - - - - - - - . http www netpetshop co uk p 19500 savic chichi 2 chinchilla rat degu ferret cage aspx
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
7936
:// . . . / - / - - - - # _ http www justcages co uk ferret cages ferplast furet plus ferret cage v 431
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
7940
, :) Its Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really
better I calculater maximum 4 5 of , it in for :) rats and it bigger put but really really Rat would the saying being being enough a
7943
. im not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway
worried up prop damaging the be off i can not surface on surface anyway tank i the about it my . being because
7944
, , , from my understanding if its heated from the bottom my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate but it has better heat distribution
carpet being some distribution the that heat the it from my , the over directly of my , top of unless understanding better burrows reptile substrate belly burning the it to heater i rest bottom if and put if glass under its snake , on having but it heated risks buy from
7945
, ? if its from the side i dont have to worry about propping it up but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it doesnt distribute heat as well
doing snake side along ? it but it it from have not itself , distribute still as propping being the if that also read burn i i if it not worry the can side of does well the slithers up the tank and heat to about
7948
- . they will move if they get too warm it's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs
being they if . will avoid they move which rock get warm not you at costs it should all like - heat a too
7954
I now use a 75watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it
seems it use I heat for a now bulb or watt basking mine likes 75 and he to
7956
:) / . My bday is Saturday and I wanna have breakfast lunch with my fam
my with I / my na Saturday and having fam lunch :) being bday . breakfast wan
7960
. Don't be in a hurry though
. doing though in hurry been not a
7965
, - . If you'd rather dine at home simply call in your order with our take out service
- dine home order rather simply services out would you with we if you take call . in , at
7970
. We're at the corner of Hubbard and Noble
we Noble the . of corner at Hubbard being and
7972
. 1381 W Hubbard
Hubbard 1381 W.
7974
- - 312 666 2372 Tel
tel 312-666-2372
7978
: - : 6 30am 8 00pm
- am 8:00 pm 6:30
7980
: - : 7 00am 5 00pm
pm am 5:00 - 7:00
7983
: - : 4 00pm 6 00pm
4:00 pm pm - 6:00
7987
. . . Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L A section
might in unless the shower want again on for L.A. the plan this you section you late . to being bridal post
7991
, . Sorry I'm just very nervous after watching the movie
movie sorry . watching after , being very just I nervous the
7992
( ), , . SOLAS Safety Of Life At Sea which is an international maritime treaty came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic
maritime being came at which response a international Titanic ( , . the SOLAS Safety , about of to treaty ) in the tragedy Life Sea of
7998
:// . - . http www caribbean cruising net
http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
8002
I don't think so
I so not think doing
8003
. Don't worry
doing . worry not
8007
? I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do
in a I some I so what fun will about being could I being Okinawa week ? for wondering being doing things
8008
. I'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything
anything old I 20 myself could a being years travelling female . so by being it
8012
. It doesn't have to be underground it could be any type of music
have being to . being types not could underground music of it does it any
8023
, . There's the market in Naha which is great
great Naha there in the which being . , being market
8026
. It's a special kind
a . it being special kind
8027
. I'm not sure that there's much nightlife in Naha
nightlife there not I being in much sure Naha . being that
8028
, , . It's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather the sea etc
more , . the sea a to the of go weather to enjoy , etc place it being
8031
. Naha's not a very big city
city not Naha a bigger being . very
8032
? Modern m16 vs Vietnam m16 version
Vietnam m version 16 vs 16 ? m modern
8033
, - . I was playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model and in the game it's 3 shot burst
shot - m . being in a a having games playing that video 3 Vietnam it 16 burst and being model I games the ,
8036
) ? 1 what thes difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m16
between ? m16 ) 16 what difference being a and modern the m Vietnam 1
8037
) - ? 2 did Vietnam m16's have a 3 shot burst function
shot m a have ) 3 - 2 burst ? function doing Vietnam 16'
8040
- , . Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self cleaning which it wasn't
the troops cleaning being , than it told being weapon being . issued - which being the it self not
8044
, . Today's weapons do not have that kind of problem and are much more reliable
of much reliable being todays , problems more have weapons 's and doing that not . kind
8045
) . 1 modern m16 is alright
alright 1 modern being . ) 16 m
8046
. Vietnam m16 used to clog up and never work
and never to working 16 m used clog Vietnam . up
8047
) . 2 All M16's are either automatic or semi automatic
or . semi automatic 16' either all ) 2 m being automatic
8049
; you play too much cod P
;p play much too cod you
8050
modern m16 is best
being 16 m best modern
8058
, , , :) I'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake don't worry it was very deep so nothing was effected
assuming being earthquake being , do so deep , reference , being effected the nothing :) January not worry it I in to very this being
8059
, , - , . As for Christchurch yes the aftershocks are still happening but these are fairly small you can feel them but the don't do any damage
the aftershocks but fairly , doing being the any as for yes , small still being these doing they Christchurch damage but feel not can - happening . , you
8061
. However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and hasn't been cleared away yet
CBD of and stuff being being being lot rubble public a of it the to having the not still and cleared yet however . closed away as
8062
, . I'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area but if not then there would be some in close by towns
area would if being being , not then in in can towns . find sure some the hotels that running by that be there I you but close christchurch some
8065
( . , , ? ps I'm assuming you'll stop off in Wellington and since its summer may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos
and ? it off eis Wellington being gelatos ( kaffee ps. I creams assuming stopped and being summer , recommend may you will , since ice in I
8066
, ) . . . Just recently discovered them last time I was down there they're very nice www kaffeeeis co nz
there nicest just , down they very I discovered being www.kaffeeeis.co.nz lasted time ) recently being they
8067
, , . Loads of places have geographical hazards if you are constantly paranoid you'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure
geographical never of hazards will without of . get loads places you anywhere being if , constantly paranoid sense adventure , you having a
8068
, . In case of an earthquake stay under a sturdy table and don't go outside as possible debris will fall
and earthquake fall under go debris stay a sturdy case possible as doing not in a outside of . , will table
8069
. Yes it's ok
. it being ok yes
8074
- , ? Im around 5'2 5'4 11 years old and im wondering what size horse i'll need that i wont grow out of quickly
will i around size i being being grow that ' wondering quickly of 5 4 , - out I need 5 2 not horses ? will years 11 i old what ' and
8078
. But I would go for the base number of 15hh
but would base of I for 15 . go hhes the numbers
8079
" " , . It's tall being it's bigger than a pony but it's on the small end for a horse
a but horses being it for on being the a tall being small it " than " end it , . bing pony bigger
8080
- , " . . , . I got my horse when I was 12 and I was already 5'9 5'10 thankfully I stopped growing when I hit 5'11 but my horse is about 16 2 or 16 3hh TB
5 5 . I 5 , got but growing about stopped horses 16.2 when already I being horses ' I 16.3 being I or I being " and ' ' hit when 11 my my 12 hhes 10 9 TB thankfully , -
8081
" " . So don't be afraid to get something a little bigger than perfect just in case you hit a growth spurt
something " a a you . not hit growth case just afraid in bigger spurt doing to than little so " get perfect been
8082
. A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle
. a always taller horses a can not handle you does not meant horses
8086
- " . ..... , i'm5'3 4 and am 21 well will be in Nov and my horse is 14 2hh and she's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block only with a saddle though haha i can't bareback not yet
block hop ' size perfect " in i been haha I and ..... right my not horses Nov can she and 21 will being on with being - yet saddle for 5 3 , can i though bareback mounting i well 14.2 with hhes being being no only and a 4 not
8087
.. If you Don't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14'2
want you out not grow get it doing quickly 2 of ' a if to 14 ..
8093
( ), . The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ The Devil’s Throat where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air
's Diablo where of ' Throat being , huge ( spray of of constant the the water . into mist the falls air as the ) centre Del volume known Devil locally ' a Garganta the sends
8104
? I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I cannot decide where do you think would be the best place to go
I going ? where doing can to but the think been can idk study I decide and would best where to try go not I go aboard you place being
8112
. As you're from the States you'll have much more fun in London
being more London the you as . you fun from much will have in States
8114
( " " ") . I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal apparently this is washing down your food and not ordering wine
down food " this meal ) not you a ordered wine washing with restaurants water " and leaving because my ( . " ordering apparently I being told I to were
8115
. You'll need to have intermediate French to have a good time in Paris
better have to . time you in will to Paris intermediate a have French need
8117
, . Nobody likes the Parisians even then Parisians don't like Parisians
not the then doing even . Parisians likes Parisians likes Parisians nobody ,
8119
. It's beautiful and the people are extremely friendly
friendly peoples and being being the . beautiful extremely it
8120
( ). I used to live in London for 6 months and it's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world I've been to 45 countries in 5 years
my I of far favorite world have one being used to being ( to in . and months I it in in 45 5 being the by places London for years countries 6 to live )
8122
, - , , . However if you're allowed another option and you want a small town feel then head to Edinburgh Scotland
allowed you , Scotland want then Edinburgh , , to small - if being however option town and a another you headed feel .
8130
:// . - . . / / - - - - - / http www country couples co uk datingtips basic travel allowance bta dating scam
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
8131
" , ( ) . Second only to flight money the Basic Travel Allowance BTA is the scammers highest paying income
the ( paying Basic second highest , to ) " the Allowance Travel scammers income . s only BTA money flight being
8132
, , , . Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance Travellers Allowance Fee Travellers Assistance Fund Travellers Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “I have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me fly”
will I they Assistance to the other Travel Traveller Fee , having let fly known Assurance . wodges forms Allowance Personal " cash have or s numerous Traveller s Fund Fund Allowance I as also Traveller , you and " of s not , of
8133
Let’s get this over with now…
lets . get over this with us now
8134
, , ." THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more anywhere it’s an online dating scam
more any , no " , a such . it scam being dating thing there anywhere being online
8135
:// . . / / . ? = http www romancescam com forum viewtopic php t 7231
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231
8140
:// . . . / / / . A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http www cic gc ca english contacts index asp
will BTA asking CIC being there call as for this being and scammers http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp no Canada a a single confirm a thing to to anyone such
8143
- :// . - . / / - . Contact the Anti Fraud Centre to report this http www antifraudcentre centreantifraude ca english home eng html
to http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html Anti-Fraud report contact this Centre the
8148
" "- % - , - . There is no such thing as a BTA or Basic Travel Allowance this is 100 a scam as the first poster said cut off any and all contact with this person they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be
or there claiming to as , BTA Travel as being this - person all cut saying any . this they the being with not no % be off - what poster scam Basic they a - first or contact and " Allowance who being such 100 thing " be a
8149
- , ..... The below site from the US government verifies this it's the same for Canada too
government , the this being below it ..... verifies from same for site US the too the - Canada
8150
:// . . / . http nigeria usembassy gov scams html
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html
8153
, " " . He's the issue you are trying to Make them mate
" . being issue to mate making being " the he they trying you ,
8155
. It doesn't work
. not does it working
8162
, . The difference is what they need to live VS what's ideal for them
what vs to needs live . , they being difference the being what ideal they for
8164
, . You can't MAKE them mate you can only encourage them
can they , not mate . only you encourage making they you can
8170
. - . The p H should be 6 5 7
being p 7 - . 6.5 should h the
8174
, . When the males aggressive behavior stops it is ready to spawn
ready , to . being the it spawn when male behavior s stops aggressive
8177
? Please help with my cats bladder issue
please cats help bladder my with s issue ?
8181
. I'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some
being . litter all the I some talking then box soaking and
8183
. I don't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it's getting to be an issue
getting being she not a it to to being right money have take to a the now . doing I but vet issue
8186
:( . I love her and want to help her but I don't know when I'll be able to take her to to vet please help
know she I helped to I take when being please help I to she vet to doing will but :( love . able she not want to and
8187
, . :( First of all I am very sorry to hear you're having this issue with your cat
, all to with of sorry this :( you cats . having being been very I issue you heard first
8201
:// . . . / / / / / . , " : ." According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http www cic gc ca english immigrate skilled assess index asp it states Note you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing
Immigration must Citizenship according Canada you : processing you http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp being the requirements and to " the states , eligible . minimum application at meet web to for site for " note it
8204
." You should check for updated information on a regular basis
" basis information for regular a should check updated you . on
8210
... :// . . / - - - - . . GOOD NEWS I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at http www canadavisa com canadian immigration faq skilled workers html
at Lawyers web found by Canadian I http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html . ran Immigration better page a news ...
8212
" . ?" 4 May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points
? under even " less category I " may if the . than 67 4 points qualify Worker score I Skilled
8213
" , ( ) ." If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in Canada the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use his or her positive discretion referred to as substituted evaluation and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points
or less even not you may accurately Visa if you the Canadian in believes referred as Officer point ( become than approve Immigration he reflect established substituted to " economically and , discretion Officer though the that she ) . evaluation Immigration the Visa total does score you positive Canadian points use 67 " application ability to Canada
8220
, " ". 67 is the minimum score anything below that is filed in the circular file basket
the the circular minimum 67 anything that , filed . file in " below score basket being being "
8224
! I'm mad and don't know what to do
and I what being ! know not mad doing to doing
8229
( ) ! we live in Pennsylvania btw I'm mad and upset now
mad I btw ) and now lived Pennsylvania we upset in ! ( being
8230
, -_- . Don't get me wrong I want to go but for 2 days I mean seriously
want seriously 2 days I wrong I not doing . I but to mean get -_- , for go
8234
.! A least your going
you least being .! going at
8236
, . : and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go D
places you can go it go so to you to . cause , to will lot afford happy will money 2 having going of fun beautiful a been the days i :d busy and being
8237
, , . Well I mean you don't have to be mad about it
well about , . you not have it mean mad to being doing , I
8240
" ", . Nothing Gold Can Stay honey
. gold nothing honey " " can , stay
8242
, , ? If they don't like it it'll only be two days remember
likes they doing it , ? being two it not , will remember only if days
8244
( ...) In a good way
better in ) a way ( ...
8250
( ) , . The word renaissance Rinascimento in Italian means “rebirth” and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages
) the best the " renewed Rinascimento renaissance being after known Renaissance interest era for humanists antiquity ( and period , the the classical Italian Ages word culture labelled Dark " the in means of that . in rebirth the
8253
, , . The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s with Leonardos fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V
in the of Lorenzo in of de' the by in Supper high of with Milan sacking troops Charles and death to , and Medici fresco V traditionally s , Rome the Renaissance Leonardo the to taken with . the Florence period 1527 the begin have ended in of Last being 1490
8255
[ ] , - , , . 1 Over the last twenty years use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over simplifying artistic developments ignoring historical context and focusing only on a few iconic works
, only by the of iconic ignoring artistic lasted the historians on historical term few works for academic [ , years twenty context criticized having , developments use ] focusing over over-simplifying . and art a 1 being frequently
8258
, ? I'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time what should I expect
UK ? I , going for I to expect americans time the first being what should and the I been
8259
? do you get your visitors visa immediately at the airport
you at the ? you airport visa get doing s immediately visitors
8260
. I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa
americans told a automatically visa months six visitors get were s that I .
8265
. i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its a routine thing when entering another country
that it a i thing a medical exam routine peoples invasion and being country a talked says being another of entering to privacy have when . some that other says
8266
- . I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute which I really don't have the money for
what to for minute get really the calling having money which or by from prepare in expect to costs of the professional idea not . embassies either and I doing I no advice honestly the - have for
8267
. I'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly
cause I talked really being no to idea worried who I smoothly having . and to go want everything to
8271
:// . . / / _ _ / / _ . http travel state gov travel cis pa tw cis cis 1052 html
http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html
8274
. . I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U K
U.K I a the two than never I stayed visited more when time at . weeks
8275
, . You should be fine with just a passport unless you're staying longer than six months
six unless staying passport you , with being longer you . than just should months being a fine
8278
, . You'll have a great time so no worries there
no you great . , so there will time have a worries
8280
, . Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated and you'll be fine
treated as just fine you want and , everyone would will you else being . to treat being
8287
. You don't say what color Silkie or Sussex you are dealing with so I can't say what color your chicks would be likely to be
you say what colors likely being not silkie being I so . colors what doing with be say to chicks not can you you would dealing or sussex
8295
. . . Either way rec and dom white genes dilute the black gene
white the way genes either dilute black genes dom. . and rec.
8311
:// . . / . :// . . / . :// . . / . ( ). http i imgur com S2MD2 jpg http i imgur com T2zff jpg http i imgur com Xytex jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 see links above
with model took photos d7000 some see I ( http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg of my Nikon http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg girlfriend my ) above . http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg links
8314
... : deleting a question where you dont like the answer won't get you better answers i refer to my previous answer
not not i answer likes answer answers deleting ... refer the my you : doing will previous to better a question get where you
8318
clearly hes mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it's NOT his gf
being gf off she pic peoples that knew clearly and net it he the being took he mad not he
8325
, , . Compositionally this one is not my favorite I would suggest trying a different crop because I dont think cutting her off at the calf looks great
not a looks trying because , she cutting great being this I calf one , I crop . at would my compositionally think doing the not different favorite off suggest
8327
, , , . My suggestion is to pay close attention to what's going on in the background and if possible stand on a chair get on the ground do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements
in chair close needs on a . , does if possible , attention to elements the of suggestion doing stand what ground the on and my to get being to on get distracting to going being rid paying you whatever background ,
8329
. I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first
first background have a not I . because in doing have something at notice ruined great myself been I there few the shots
8331
. As far ask I’m aware our most unique custom would be the “Country Wake”
being being I " wake we far aware " would as country custom most unique ask . the
8332
. In all my travels I’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners
. I all like when travels anything met never explain seeing I foreigners have a odd in and with they looked often my to it been
8333
, - . After a person dies their remains are “waked ” in their home for roughly 2 3days
home dies " days . person remains for they 2 being , they roughly in " 3 woken a after -
8340
( ), . The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance abstaining from alcohol in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by
century by ( the a alcoholism the Pioneers to being supported abstaining alcohol attempt from temperance started of , in the which . organization with at gripped 19th massive end ) issue of and that of a Ireland the being pushed ideal the deal
8349
, . I'm unsure of this because once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she didn't react to seeing another cat on TV
cats with of I react not because commercial being food , unsure cats a cats and of doing to she once tv I watched seeing this my on another .
8350
( : :// . . / - - - - - - . ) , - , . I heard that a company here is a link http news yahoo com nestl purina releases commercial aimed dogs 183443091 html is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs complete with squeaky chew toy sounds and high pitched sounds that humans can't hear
complete humans http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html food high that heard , . a ( : at can squeaky pitched dogs a making that sounds I company chew - sounds dogs heard not ) being here trying with aimed commercial a and , being to link toys
8354
-- , . I wouldn't know I don't particularly like scary movies and I haven't tried this with my pet
doing know this scary not . would with I my particularly tried and -- not likes pet have I not , I movies
8355
, ; -- ? Although I don't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time I am sure they'll forget sometime or am I wrong
? although not will think sometime long movies been I or that for doing wrong affect -- been ; they time I I a pets will , sure scary forget
8356
. .? So what about T V
about ? what t.v. so
8357
. .? Do dogs enjoy watching T V
t.v. dogs doing ? enjoy watching
8358
, . . . Well T V is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture
streamed being a . flickering t.v. , that moving well pictures of making together to a being series pictures
8359
, , . The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving flawless picture
about the rate which see for flawless 60 . broadcast fast being being as move to , pictures they moving we a , hz at needs to they a how pictures of
8360
, . . . To a dog watching T V is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80Hz
to because rate 80 and like a watching old dogs at they to to of silent occur watching a t.v. scratchy flicker being lot film fusion a . hz , seems 70
8361
. ., . So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T V it’s probably because of the sounds
. , if because sounds of probably dogs likes you to the chances that be it watch being so t.v.
8362
, . Hearing is a dog’s secondary sense and I will discuss that in another blog entery
that a 's secondary , dogs sense entery I discuss hearing will . being and in another blog
8364
im pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen
things i that my pretty being things screen see because around cats the they the tv screen sure chases tv on doing
8367
, . The place where I'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself
being not to not I and take far ways to I doing . hauling want have boarding this I where of any myself he being the place , likely
8369
, ? If they ask how much I'm willing to pay what is a good price range
if much being paying better willing range asked a how ? they what to being , price I
8370
$ . . I saw a site that charges 0 70 per mile
charged 0.70 saw mile per . a $ I site that
8372
, , , , . Impossible to say but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that and some on top for the driver's time and effort unless you are able to share transport with another or more that would keep the costs down
but the time the a that . the would say more transport unless to effort , and that drivers on , for to costs paying or working top would , to have for particular and consumption , 's you you they able and using share down I being vehicle with being that fuel of another proportion guess out some keeping impossible
8374
, . Three hours isn't far but you are doing multiple shows
doing hours not three but you multiple shows , being being far .
8380
. All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive
then to since healthy and when they . all horses delivered have being I I have arrive happy
8389
? Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to
any places ? second customize go way of na the being wan you to sort to there
8392
. . 1 Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices
. . that including world cruises here lists prices site a being 1
8393
:// . . / / / / http www cruisecompete com specials regions world 1
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1
8396
). You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete
able may via doing CruiseCompete better to ) the competitive . rates on quotes request if you you being
8397
. , . 2 Short of chartering your own ship and crew I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary
doing itinerary of way and customize crew could chartering you , . own own I not short you ship see 2 . you any
8402
. ( ), ( ), ( ), . Prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i e Transatlantic to London England England to Barcelona Spain Barcelona to Alexandria Egypt Egypt to India via Suez canal etc
months etc London India , segments , to Suez transatlantic ) England , way lines Egypt 18 i.e Egypt ) England ) advance sell ( Barcelona as Alexandria via to Spain cruises about the along in prearranged to all Barcelona the to canal ( . (
8405
, , $ . so any price you find DOUBLE IT figure 40K at least
find least , you k $ . any price figure 40 at it , double so
8406
.. , . and no you cannot customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore say book a Panamal Canal crossing then fly to Asia and pick it up again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail the Med before flying to England to hit the Transatlantic corssing
stops corssing to you unless to Europe several flying on again different Panamal England of Asia book Canal can and you . before between a and shore crossing fly with pick then sail to no .. in hit not the India then book sail up fly customize and say itinerary cruises the it to Med a transatlantic to legs to , a
8409
-- , . There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China there were lots of Japanese who'd been displaced during WWII
largest having being being during -- a . a were the there here the larger in of SF of having WWII Chinatown there displaced Bay japanese Area presence outside long asian , who lots been the chinese for China population time of
8413
, -- . So the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that's who the photographers took pictures of
being , being hippies seemed being then most caucasians that populous many being Area the being took a that tourists pictures may fairly have -- photographers of ethnically Bay so time and who being the to so caucasians . caucasians because mixed larger the back but a of long for having
8414
-- , - . The other ethicities weren't well represented in politics yet or rather they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open minded hippy generation
they or ethicities the largely rather represented 70' well the just in open generation . -- colors other in - not the hippy minded to politics being breaking due the being barrier more , yet
8419
- . Many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid 80s
. counted many in until the not population the being illegals mid-80
8435
, . We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't be able to digest just fine
but , day of the to fine fruits not the chickens just able veggies a and being nothing it that digest would scraps rabbits being we feed . throughout
8439
:) ! I just wanna make sure Thank
thank :) ! making wan I just sure na
8440
, ( ), , , ! Yes but be sure that your chickens are all hens I mean not roosters Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving so be aware of that hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets
) moving with pets all anything may of being that hens all of roosters hens , almost mean yes kinds aware or sure friendly , attack roosters I but ( you not ! , been , that chickens see rabbits been they being so
8441
- ! Be sure not to feed your rabbits non veg items
feed to sure rabbits you items non-veg been not !
8442
, , , ! You said they live in different cages and they are free in day so no problem don't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens wet bedding can cause diseases in them
in they put you different in problems because being being and so doing bedding saying wet , not , in they they than both cages cages different free of one can lived cause ! bedding they day of hens in that rabbits , no diseases
8443
, . So don't put both of them in one cage
not doing they , put . both of in cages so one
8447
. Rabbits do burrow also so don't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes
rabbits . if chickens doing doing burrow also so been into not holes being falling surprised
8454
. I'll just echo both other answers
both I echo . answers just other will
8455
. Molten brass is damn hot and usually it's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen
pressurized air gas . oxygen and and being molten hot it forced or damn being brass usually
8457
, . It's really too advanced for a beginner both in tooling and safety
and beginners a both advanced too really for tooling safety being it in , .
8458
, . Just the zinc fumes will get you if you don't take precautions
not get zinc just precautions doing if you you fumes take . the will ,
8461
. Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn't get hot enough
melting and brass . I bronze you think than does would enough just a higher point charcoal hot get not even having
8462
( . . , ). I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal e g for blacksmithing one needs coal not barbecue charcoal
e.g. it used coal ) barbecue also charcoal take being as which blacksmithing ( for barbecue real get coal . doing not , hot for I needs one does as not as you charcoal bet
8463
, , . I have done a fair amount of metal casting but never tried to build my own furnace but I think your version is just too small and doesn't get hot enough
casting fair never builds small I get I does amount my tried enough but too hot . a not just furnace and have thought to but being done version , own of , metal you
8464
( , ). I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch much larger than the plumbers torch but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill
plumbers it you a cylinders melted propane those gas buy for torch bronze crucible a of torch larger . grill in much a the can with propane ) small have larger I than being of ( run can amounts but ,
8465
:// . . / . I melt brass and cast it http www mikegigi com castgobl htm
http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm cast and it brass I melt
8466
, . Brass melts at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat not red hot
melts 2000 F . under a not , brass yellow just at heat being hot which red bright
8467
:// . . / . # http www mikegigi com techspec htm SELCTEMP
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#selctemp
8469
:// . . / . :// . . / . I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http www mikegigi com meltmetl htm and http www mikegigi com firehole htm
built with propane a blower and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm and use I burner http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm a I
8473
. Its important to their religion that they only consume Halal food
halal religion food only consume important that to it they . they being
8474
, . Even if you buy a cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham
knife in happens sliced using , may for what you can a a preparing s the used a bakers the in buy not you cake ham . for if even have being example kitchen being cake too
8475
, , . Its simply not just a case of avoiding pork alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods
and its just utensils it , should the to being used eat not . halal and but pork for only foods avoiding prohibited prepared , being of allowed not case alcohol simply a have being meat kitchen
8479
. Its not fair if some people have to go without buying food because no place will provide suitable food for them
place . they having no food because without if some being peoples for food go not to fair provide it will suitable buying
8480
. I think its only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal
thought catering british one being fair provide should being least hopefully and that I halal every one will town day cafe . restaurants at nowadays only every establishment halal or it
8482
, , , . I will not eat halal meat so guess what I opted for foods which weren't a meat dish there were plenty of other options
, meat will for halal , of I a , options there guess other were foods . meat dish so plenty not what I opted not being which eat
8484
, , , ( , ). When you go to another country you live by their way of life and their laws if you don't like it you know how to get back out the country but I guess our benefits system is too much to throw away huh
when lived doing much guess going benefits life to the system way but they to , knew , too . it throw they you and ) being out , we ( by of get you likes country laws not huh I how you back you to country , another if away
8489
. We can't dictate what business wants to open where
open business can to what where not we wanting dictate .
8492
. They don't know ANYTHING about Ball pythons
ball know . doing anything they about pythons not
8495
, I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one I'm 14 by the way
is well the I and all way being keeping one research I to my prepared 14 by done ,
8497
. Maybe if they see how much time and effort you've devoted to researching the animal they'll reconsider
reconsider have will maybe if they the and devoted researching time much see you effort they to how animal .
8499
. Be helpful around the house to show that even if you can't pay for it yourself that youre willing to work for it
being you to . that if the not house you show around can to helpful yourself for for even that willing it paying it been working
8500
. Once you've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be
can bit buttered snake they once and the to harmless a one to . have showing pet to get handle the try mom you store how you gentle the they they being of employees ask and up
8503
, . Be persistent but don't pester them about it cause that'll get you nowhere fast
nowhere they been will persistent that not pester you but . cause it , fast get doing about
8508
, , , , . Prove to your parents' satisfaction that you not they will be the one actually taking care of your new pet
you to . care ' parents one taking being they , will you , that the actually satisfaction pet , you new , of prove not
8513
, , " " . If you can find a pet at a shelter or that a friend needs to get rid of because they're moving or whatever you might be able to talk your parents into giving it a good home where you might not be able to talk them into buying a new pet
of you a being home able they to rid moving find friend parents that it giving talked " a at new where whatever might they a , a to not into you you better because being able to buying being you might . talked can pet , " shelter a needs pet into or if get or
8515
, . Once you're there ask if you can hold a ball python
if ball hold can once ask you a there you . , being python
8516
, / ... Once you're holding it try to get her to touch pet it
touch holding , to it pet get to being try ... once she / it you
8517
, ? My Snake's meal is TOO big what can I do
's can what doing bigger ? too snake , meal I my being
8518
( ). Just today I bought a medium rat for my beloved Ball Python Salazar name after Harry Potter
todays Harry ball . named ) just I medium python Potter a bought rats after my Salazar for beloved (
8527
- , " ". Ok so if youre snake will take pre killed you can gas it
will , snake gas " can so your if pre-killed it " take you . ok
8529
- , . If it won't take pre killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface like a refrigerator or wall
hard feed a a could it whack then surface live usually , wall the you will the and like it you pre-killed if and or by rats not . tail refrigerator hold take against
8530
- . I don't like that option though I think it's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake
properly cruel but I end not - stopped you to not he pretty . injury likes stunning being possible will you doing not enough the rats it thought though up hurting and snake i'd option I to really that done
8536
- :-) My opinion take it for what it's worth…
. - take it my being :-) it opinion for what worth
8543
" ". It is full of gay friendly everything
" . of being everything " it friendly full gay
8547
, . Start your process here if you haven't already
start you if here process not you , . have already
8548
( - .) Marrying a Canadian is not enough that doesn't count for at least two years
count not for that a ( enough Canadian ) being . marrying - does at least two years not
8549
:// . . . / / / . http www cic gc ca english immigrate index asp
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp
8552
........... Lets be clear about this
clear lets being about this s ...........
8553
" . Just 'wanting to come to Canada is NOT enough
to just ' not come enough being wanting . Canada " to
8558
, . So don't pack your bags yet
pack yet you not so doing . bags ,
8565
. Recently I'm having trouble training him
training he recently I being troubles having .
8568
, . I saw lots of videos about this but actually it didn't help
doing not it lots but saw , actually videos I helped . about of this
8572
, , , , ? Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him he will try to jump on if he can't he will bark all the time until I let him get on what should I do with this
should he sit , , what or than until doing on to he he on ? he he get the , time all every lasted will I chair try will , being with let bark higher something not I thing on a time this can if jump I
8577
. This type of harness goes around the dogs chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades
harness up clip blades this and legs a leash for types and goes the . of of shoulder dogs s having of on in back the dogs the middle the around chest
8578
, . This way he cannot reach the leash to chew it
. this the , he reach to not leash it way can chew
8589
. why dont you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right
something when giving . and does they loves why doing not you some right he he that he treats get only
8593
/ / ? What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi Agra Varanasi for rs500 per night
what to sort Agra for expect in I / rs night could find per of Varanasi 500 hotels / Delhi ? New
8595
. I'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night
for with wandering February I at what night standard get visit to we could of next and looking been beginning the mates . being 500 rs India some per person accommodation I per years of
8596
, . There would be four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000 close to the centre of these cities
being would rooms these 2 four to looking there would 1000 at close . of so probably centre cities , twin we rs we the for be of
8600
. In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse
Guesthouse . Delhi recommend I Ajay would in
8604
, / . Must say in Delhi it's hard to get good price quality rating
say being in , it hard better / to . must get Delhi price rating quality
8606
, . It's in an area starting with a P many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice
with hotels in . starting nicest , location and there many being the a being area a p tourist it very
8608
. In Varanasi I don't know
. Varanasi not doing know in I
8609
, ? I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor
travelguides hotels have expensive ? tripadvisor or in can , a but you some stayed there I check more
8610
, . Also while travelling ask people where they've been and if they have any hotel recommendations
have travelling and they . any being hotels while recommendations also having where peoples if ask , they
8611
, . In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended they found it in the Rough Guide
Guide . have a in place recommended it travellers I in they Rough fellow stayed found the Agra , in
8614
( . Dont stay in Agra too long
Agra too ( long not doing in stay .
8615
!) One night is enough
enough night one being ) !
8617
. Ive paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean
payed it I for 500 double and there room have clean fine a . and being
8620
:// . . / / - - . http www goldentriangleindia com delhi hotels in delhi html
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html
8632
, , , . The Guinea pig is better because its a lot larger than a hamster rat mouse or degu
guinea a because better hamsters the . a mouse lot rats or larger being being , degu , it than pig ,
8635
( ) plus they dont stink that bad
stink doing bad ( not ) plus they that
8638
. I've had experience with all of those pets except Degus
all degus except pets with have have I experience . those of
8640
, , . They're incredibly social highly trainable and very clean
clean trainable incredibly , , highly very and social they . being
8644
- ( ) . My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig not quite as social with people as rats at least mine wasn't but more so than most hamsters or mice
being least so as ( ) than rats have not pig - my quite favorite mouse mine more or as guinea being with peoples . but would the at hamsters social not most to second
8648
. I've never met a hamster that didn't bite me
I met never a that I hamsters . have bite not doing
8653
. You have to have two because they don't do well alone
doing two having not to doing you alone . well they have because
8655
!! Two males can fight and you definitely don't want babies
can you fight and two doing babies definitely not males !! want
8659
, , , , .... . Don't feed them broccoli cauliflower garlic onions head lettuce they are all too difficult for them to digest
difficult for , feed they cauliflower , being garlic digest head , to broccoli they .... not onions lettuce all doing . too , they
8660
, . Also they can't eat potatos they are toxic for them
also they for being can they eat not , toxic potatos . they
8661
, . If you keep the cage clean they don't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them just massage it into their coat and groom them
you and cleaser cages smell for they they coat . not into and doing clean buy keep on just the spray groom , you they if it they massage can
8665
. This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wits end
now two end first at wits having my week and right and been s this . kittens my six I experience old being
8667
( ....), , ! They track poop everywhere most disgustingly my bed and am constantly trying to climb up everything including my bare legs
, legs most bed my everything up climb they constantly to .... ) including everywhere disgustingly trying ! , been bare and ( poop my track
8672
.. . That's kind of the way it goes lol
goes the lol . .. kind of it being that way
8683
, . But in the meantime highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens
sleeves recommend jeans and will in the interacting long with but the you meantime kittens , highly being anytime .
8688
, . If you still don't enjoy the kittens see what other opportunities are available
other doing what enjoy available being , not the opportunities if still kittens you . see
8691
, , , :) Generally they're not clawing and biting they don't make nearly as much mess they don't need nearly as much litterbox scooping etc
making :) not scooping doing not biting not generally as nearly and much as litterbox nearly , they much etc need mess they , being clawing doing , they
8700
.... , / . Some places do the registration right at the hospital in some smaller places you need to register your child's birth at the town hall registrar's office
town at at 's in register some .... you needs office to does right you smaller hospital / . , hall child registrar some places the places registration the the birth 's
8704
. I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days
he 90 . in I I filled doing within having out supposed ridiculous amount hospital of the to that in know I register hall the paperwork not were city not go to days doing and
8706
, , , , , . I had to call the Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me as they don't have an online area for it yet fill those out send them away then apply for his birth certificate
as registration I apply , form online fill they not they he have , Office , those out certificate call it delayed have of , have out Bay for copies doing yet mailed then the , in away . area to a Thunder birth the the Registrar General I send to for of
8707
, . If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time its simple to do it over the computer
it birth computer being it for simple doing you first time over if . a for applying , certificate the the being just to
8714
:// . . / / _ / / . http www ontario ca en information bundle birthcertificates 119274 html
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html
8716
:// . . / / _ / / . http www ontario ca en information bundle birthcertificates 119275 html
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html
8718
. My parents didn't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment
needed not doing I my send my . being it certificate for 16 summer employment for and parents birth until
8738
, , , . , . / . . Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica Grand Cayman Cozumel St Thomas the Bahamas and St Martin St Maarten
Grand St. caribbean , islands Cozumel going . Cayman Jamaica , Thomas the like , to itinerary , St. and ships Maarten both St. Martin / Bahamas
8740
( ). The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee the north coast of Haiti
Coco . to Cay travelled of the the private ) ( the coast of Haiti its Mariner island north Labadee and Seas
8741
. We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and don't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines
on of cruises distinguishing should and deciding visited . factor the doing this believe both the between being lines that that most not of ships locations a loved the we
8754
. We liked the Liberty's pools better because one had a slide
pools Liberty better the a have 's slide liked we one . because
8758
...... Usually you can't go wrong when getting a spa treatment
treatment usually when go a not getting spa wrong you can ......
8760
. Look on their website rssc com
website look rssc.com on they
8769
( !) I Have 1 year before collage
1 ) having years collage ( ! before I
8775
. Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you've never traveled before and you don't put where you would be traveling from
on worldly smartest you from not before traveled to you if move . off put would you a and where not adventure have doing travelling being never take the
8793
, , . I've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget actual time allowed your likes and dislikes
trip these all time , could to and certainly dislikes . I you needs a based budget allowed of tailor traveled places have on likes and , you to actual
8798
, . Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you'll be able to figure out where you can go for how long you can go and what you can do when you're there
you a what the bank where there you you go long will . , being or in once out budget can can then you having for you figure can doing a able how to and go when amount being you
8802
. You can't beat the price for what you get
can not what beat . the for get you price you
8811
. We have had the cat for 10 years and dont want to leave it
it want for we . have leaving years and doing 10 cats have to the not
8818
( ), . the room you sleep in is best seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK but others will work just as well
sleep you relaxed sleep ) ok will just being messages being that you working room as so send everything seeing you being . that the the in others ( but will best well ,
8822
, - . he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there and that no other animal will come in he is afraid that he is in someone else's territory when he is in a new house
being territory will that else that house , a in reassure he being when that afraid no 's - in and he no someone himself he animal there other in . he in being being come other will new animal
8823
, , . in a week's time he will have made it his and will be getting more bored than afraid
's and , being getting afraid will week more will he time a bored in , than he make it have .
8841
, . I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way it wont work
will try get in working that will , I to not it he treat a get there and way .
8842
. He wont even get close to the crate
close get crate he to . not even the will
8846
. He wont do anything on command
. commands not he doing anything will on
8847
. Its very frustrating
frustrating very it being .
8850
, , , , , , , , . She is crate trained potty trained and can sit lay down stay come fetch and will even stay in a down position while I throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw and she wont get it until I give her the command
a , I trained even and or stay even she lay commands potty a , throw will treat not , and . position paw to I she , down while next it in , until , trained stay the will the across crate sit , she can get come , give down being right floor fetch she and
8852
. I just dont know how to do it with a grown dog
I dogs it to how not doing just . doing with grown a know
8853
! She tosses me around like its nothing
I it she being nothing around like ! tosses
8883
. . The are located right at 248 De Than St in the heart of the back packer district
being St. located the right in De . the Than back 248 the heart at packer district of
8886
. I don't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was
cost it exact I the not doing been how inexpensive but thinking . remember remember
8890
. And don't expect to party on this tour
expect to . and doing party tour this on not
8898
, . There isn't much to see in the delta it's a lifestyle not a resort area
. not area much a , being a to there not lifestyle it being delta in the resort see
8899
( ) . If you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho near where we live or Can Tho
bus lived my to a ( ) can being Can Tho take adventurous taxi . if or you where near or you Tho water we
8901
. Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront
the Tho I waterfront of that tourists . the most buy have tours My along come across
8904
, , . PS If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre stay a night at my friend Ken's hotel
my Tre Ken . you it night if hotels , make at Ben friend to stay a , 's Thanh Pho ps
8905
. It's called Kiwi Heaven and it's across the river from Cho Ben Tre
across being Kiwi river called Ben it Tre and from it Heaven being Cho the .
8906
, , - . It's a little hard to get to by foot they're rebuilding the bridge but you can get someone to moto taxi you there for a dollar or less
to , being get being moto there or hard can a - little get dollar . by but someone , it bridge to the you rebuilding they you for to foot less a taxi
8908
, . He'll set up a real tour of the area for you not some tourist fantasy
real tourist you area the some set . fantasy of he , not tour for will a up
8912
.....? yoga and horses
..... yoga and horses ?
8913
. I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is
my 's riding unsteady it of my make . got and left just how a I legs todays I realize fino horses being one lesson on boss
8916
( $ ) ? Any good poses or programs I'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under 20 to help specifically with leg stabilization
any as $ a helped to willing ( as poses under ? programs legs or with 20 being long being dvd specifically stabilization buy to better it I )
8918
$ Because I don't feel like spending over 20 on a freakin DVD
not feel freakin on $ 20 spending because over a doing I dvd like
8925
, , , . I'll also trot doing down 2 beats up one for a wile then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet
1 down down balls up then going , , weight I my into the 2 being feet beats up the trot . doing 2 a will for one also of , making wile sure
8929
, . BTW you dont want your leg locked in place it will move WITH the horse a bit
doing will you legs want it you not the with move place . bit btw , locked a horses in
8930
. When I first started doing it I'd do it every day
I it first every day doing would it . when started I doing
8934
, , , ? i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem ride bareback with no irons theres also a way to ride on your knees
? problems riding way , and irons there also with to you knees fixing more would yoga my on no ride , being , with would not ride practice bother i with i bareback a
8936
ya i really wouldn't bother with the yoga
with i ya yoga not bother would the really
8937
, . maybe a back brase will help sometimes my back really gets to me and i've thought about getting one
back really helped maybe will have to I back thought brase and about , sometimes a getting one gets i . my
8938
, , :/ , ( ) with your leg flopping just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon with only your legs holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it's forward the more it flops work your calf muscles maybe try standing on the edge of your steps on the ball of your foot and balance to strengthen those muscles
and try legs with try back my you flopping ) with on muscles with helps calf work it putting legs in to legs only just on you heel of ( edge weight all I flopping you foot forward maybe , :/ the the , more it holding you the strengthen you of you ball and more steps flopping the balance those being on you standing hang , muscles
8939
$ ? You don't want to spend more than 20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses
want expensive a having hobby 20 yet like ? more riding horses you doing and $ not to you spend than
8940
. I really can't help you
can really not I . helped you
8943
. He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit lastnight
began having to everywhere he he . being vomit having night lasted and diarheya
8944
. I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and wouldnt drink any water
he blood water thought not would started until vomit would it and any . to I pass drink
8951
.. ? I have tryed to give him water but he wont take it what should i do
it will but ? to take water have I giving what i he tryed .. he should not doing
8952
? i dont want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food
he bit get and to doing giving of not should little i want he also dehydrated i try ? food to a
8955
- . They didnt take x rays they offered them but i just couldnt afford anymore treatment
any offered but just x treatment i take . they not rays they afford - could not they doing more
8956
. I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wont be buying grocerys for the next few weeks
saying the feel for few but shit i buying groceries will that they not for . done being already what after next have I weeks like
8960
. Seince he recieved the fluids lastnight he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days
a saying least at fluids the not worry lasted couple drinking recieved he . night to he seince water days about of for
8961
:) . I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail thanks everbody for the info its greatly appreciated
the thanks he he wagin and etter lunch :) for he home info greatly around doing going being actually tail it being at to being on everbody check 1000 he walkin appreciated and . I
8966
( - )? Did your vet take radiographs x rays
- x you doing ? rays take ( vet ) radiographs
8967
) . 2 Your vet would not prescribe them if they didn't think it would be helpful
. would would ) you vet helpful think being if it not doing they not they 2 prescribe
8970
( ). He could become severly dehydrated especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea
vomit have severly if become he diarrhea dehydrated could especially ( continues to . he ) and
8972
, , . And being dehydrated vomiting and having diarrhea just doesn't feel good
vomiting being not just . better feel diarrhea having , and , dehydrated and does
8985
. I don't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment
with I this being doing . not if ailment blood common know vomiting
8989
. I'm in my 20's and currently studying in France
in studying my in . being and currently 20' I France
8990
- , , .. Coming from an anglo saxon country my version of dating is 'getting the number asking her out etc '
saxon ' my being . etc. asking of dating she coming a from , ' anglo out country - the , numbers version getting
8991
, . However I've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different
the being read . dating on french I the totally , however etiquette that internet different have
8993
, - - - - . In addition from my understanding one on one dates is something that comes much later and not 'straight away' like us anglo saxons
, . - addition - later straight understanding we much in - comes dates and ' - one away being saxons my ' anglo that like from not one something on
8995
. They only 'go out in the open' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness
. ' the reached out they ' of open a certain once only go in have seriousness level they
9013
" !" " ", " , ." Non means non not I might consider it and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case
" you it " ! might case non keeping just " " " , I I strings will not , in non . apron consider attached and my to means "
9016
, , . What I have to add is that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends which is obviously what this girl wants from you
in you girls to that what being it , being boys being I there adds and nothing what from girls obviously . France friends have of to unusual which wanting , normal being only friends in having groups gender being this mixed
9017
, . She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level and trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go further
level to company on keeping want she a she that a , making go and she to you friend as you boyfriend friendship and to not does not finds a a further being choice probably trying you she understand trying being pleasing . but it
9018
. If she is nicer when you are alone I'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend
because being . might being that if would think it alone I you that say doing when being she in being boyfriend nicer peoples she not public she being sure view you making
9019
. You do find the 'get the number hop in bed with her' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts
she find sluts as aware with doing in been ' the hop . usually having that ' they numbers get but you the bed reputation a
9020
, . Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap but that's the way our own rules work
the girls for unfair as being own that rules doing kind that of not way working we but , the handicap . have boys
9025
. I'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry
just I work to in up trying should industry move or making being Australia the I sex whether seek . to my mind
9026
? Is there a future for our nation's youth
? 's future we being youth for a there nation
9028
. I'm two years into an undergraduate degree
years I degree . two into a undergraduate being
9031
( , , .) There's obviously a reason for that lack of employment low incomes etc
reason low being incomes that , a employment of ) , etc for obviously . there lack (
9032
$ , . Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be 25 000 in debt by the time I'm 22
. the time doing remind answer being 25,000 $ I but to you being I does not that being 22 by in going anything debt I
9034
@ . . . . , W a b b y
, W.a.b.b.y @
9036
. it's very logical
logical it . very being
9037
, . I've also considered becoming a teacher but it's not a job I'm cut out for
it I cut but a out I for considered a . job becoming being teacher being also have , not
9038
. I also wish I'd applied for a scholarship
. I scholarship a having I wish for applied also
9039
, , . I didn't think I'd be awarded one but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school so my chances were probably better than I thought they were
one I were so I but probably , received than Dux being high I thought awarded the my they . doing think at not being school I , chances would Litterarum awarded better
9040
. Obviously I'm still completely stupid though
though I completely stupid still . being obviously
9041
, . I mean I wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship
to I . smart mean for apply a scholarship , not enough being I
9045
* * ? gasps So I wouldn't make a good prostitute
* * prostitute gasps would a I ? making not better so
9046
? Are you saying I'm bad in bed
bad I bed saying ? being being you in
9049
, . Your answer is very sweet but I'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students
students , teenage compassionate but school being towards I . sweet high you very not being answer
9052
, . I'm studying to be a teacher so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I'm done
, knew teacher being when studying that being be I a done . definitely there being I so to jobs out will there I
9053
, . I may have to live somewhere rural or in Auckland but at least I can be pretty sure I'll be employable
may I will . have I at pretty I sure Auckland or least but to being somewhere being live employable can in rural ,
9054
. I've also got a bachelors degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession
take and back I I bachelors a gotten have further s so profession also or study degree can go a different doing .
9055
. I also know that you don't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here
in here knew that than doing you Australia that paid got . not you also more I doing much
9056
, . And it's not all about how much you earn cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia
being much Australia cities cost , in in many much earn . and not of all you it being about how living higher
9057
, . Try living in Sydney on a teacher's salary then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago
. living try compare Sydney teacher then it salary on , like Otago somewhere to central in a 's
9059
. It's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan
and a a studying keeping . not loan having student being wise probably it massive idea to
9060
, . At the moment there's no interest but that'll probably change
interest changed moment . the there that probably will being no , but at
9061
. And they'll probably add interest to what you've already racked up
to probably will you they already and have what interest . up racked adds
9062
. And they're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back
working able peoples . being they left extradite the back country towards have who being avoid paying and it to to
9063
. At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they'll force you cough up
they to can will short you before of back at moment the if you . only force Zealand up New for overseas amount you cough time come move a
9064
. And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest
being that time and you racking all you will being . overseas up interest
9065
. I wouldn't like not having the option to return to NZ
not NZ would to having not likes option to . returning the I
9066
. I guess I'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800f my course fees through my degree
a I scholarship fees that I which received f . being I degree my guess course extremely 800 fortunate about my through paid
9067
. But I worked hard and I'm still working hard
working . hard and worked I being but hard still I
9071
. I'm doing fine
. doing being fine I
9072
, . Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground don't assume it's better in Oz
on thin whilst doing youth not being jobs the ground in assume . , being better Oz it
9073
+ , . People have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20 years so it's not anything new
week peoples plane anything fleeing + the it load have being . so not , being at this past years new country roughly per 20 for a
9075
. 700f jobs aren't advertised
being 700 . advertised f not jobs
9084
( .) i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom won't eat
problems ) that eat to snakes going . i ( will having not bathroom the that knew
9085
( , - .) he has been drinking water i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl but also i have been feeding him water and he doesn't ever give me a problem with that i just stick his head near the water and he sucks it down
not stick being I he have sucks being it head having he he sure bowl ( ever i that - , he water drinking having a it drinking pretty just also out ) and the he but feeding he does near problems been he i and being . giving of down i water water with
9089
! i don't know why he won't eat though
not i he doing eat not will know though ! why
9092
. i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he won't touch the pinky
a . place container not a hour putting for small and putting in will in a he pinky he or touch the dark and he so i have tried
9094
. he doesn't seem to know that they are food
he not to food does . know that being they seem
9095
" " , , . i have tried braining both live and dead pinkies and bloodying them up to get his attention but he doesn't care
" he live i bloodying pinkies have braining and not dead attention and he does care but " both , up tried , . get to they
9097
. i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake's face
feeding long the front holding i reptile bought tried 's some face and . have of in tweezers have snake pinky the
9098
. he wont even try to bite
to bite even he will not try .
9099
. i am very discouraged and sad and i don't know what to do
doing sad discouraged not to what been know doing i very . and and i
9100
. he hasn't eaten in an entire month
. not entire in month eated he a having
9101
. i've only tried to feed him one at a time
a one . have tried at time to i feed only he
9102
, . he's just a tiny baby about the width of a pencil
, baby a tiny of a being he about the . just width pencil
9106
. If he doesn't seem interested in them at all I would say he's just not hungry
just at seem he he I would hungry not if does . say interested they not all in being
9107
. My boyfriend has one and when she's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away
hungry having being attacks right away my she and boyfriend she one . when pinkie the
9108
. They can smell it so i'm sure he knows what it is and just don't want it
it it being so they doing just not being and . what i sure it can knows smell want he
9109
. Remember snakes can go awhile without eating
can go remember . a snakes while without eating
9120
. It's natural and so long as you don't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about
serious as being about long doing nothing deterioration natural and not they in it you see any so . health worry being to
9122
. They're fit and healthy and their care is suitable
they suitable fit they being care and . being and healthy
9124
! That's why it's good to have a python
python better being to have being that a why ! it
9125
. It's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month
a eats month a twice rabbits and size once it being my .
9131
, ( , ). the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing chasing each other up and down the hall rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other
meeting kittens other hissed , and and and the they 20 out let longer have twice of other check the at out each i other chasing bedroom rolling could , day ( up within first on hall other playing next being now and hisses . each no she the around minutes down of the ground each and the the each she pawing they ) so
9135
" " . he has been biting at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so im wondering if he went a little to far that one time
being far or " i while previously stomach little to she play having without that biting she so neck and anything " meowing a he he one at time if wondering being . going they
9145
- . she will start to calm down and feel safe you can bet she doesn't now
can now does will - down . safe she bet calm and she not to start feel you
9155
, . when they play fight they don't hiss
playing doing . they , hiss when fight they not
9162
" * " . A hiss is basically a get the f ck away sound
basically sound a " being away . f*ck the " a hiss get
9163
. It means they've gone too far
far went have they means it . too
9164
. When they start bleeding that means they're really fighting
start they being really they bleeding means when . that fighting
9165
( ), ( ) . If they're going kinda slow and like fake biting not biting as hard as they can and fake scratching not hitting as hard as they can with their paws then they're playing
fake , as hard not and they being . if being ( playing with ) scratching hitting can they hard can going paws ) and ( biting slow like they then as biting fake they as not they kinda as
9173
( ). He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years before the next election in 1968
they . war three ordered the the ( years win next before ) believe election 1968 and to refused in two the to he to within military
9177
( ), ( ) ( ). The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC the guerilla movement they were being challenged by the Main Force VC which was light infantry and the North Vietnamese Army NVA
movement ) local which Vietnamese being the with . NVA main being and being , having Army guerilla ( problems ARVN infantry ) bigger challenged a VC light the the force ) ( they the not ( by VC the North being
9193
, When give the ultimate choice they rallied…
rallied , given ultimate the when they choice .
9199
. But Johnson was so obtuse he didn’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter
doing on a when it a handed understand being have platter Johnson silver but he obtuse he . to victory not being so he
9202
, ( ). The American people were NOT having any of it and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding
the the demanding the fix to movement being it , ) of surrender having elected . like ( mess americans Richard having not and antiwar to being any make not Nixon peoples LBJ
9203
. In the end Nixon kept his promise for “…peace with honor… ”
promise . he Nixon .. honor " peace with " for end kept the in
9204
. But that’s another question
question that . being another but
9212
...? Bearded dragon question
dragon ... ? bearded question
9218
, . He's getting used to his new home but hasn't eatin yet
being he but eatin he not used to , new having yet home . getting
9222
: ( ) " ," , , . Let me try to break this down as simply as I can diurnal active during the day time reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of light UVA UVB and heat
as " uvb light , down try like of lets ) simply I reptiles can day the types dragon . as bearded time ( : this , diurnal require during active and the to I heat , " uva 3 broken
9223
, , . Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA including heat bulbs that's the easy one to provide for
for light white any heat light to that the uva emitting provide emitting source easy . , , being bulbs one will including
9227
, : :// . / / / - / - - - - - /-/ - - - - - - - / . The long tube UVB bulbs are best like Zoomed's Repsitun model http lllreptile com store catalog reptile supplies uvb fluorescent lights mercury vapor bulbs zoo med 24 repti sun 100 fluorescent bulb Remember to replace UVB bulbs according to the manufacturers recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce UVB even if visible light still is
even http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ Zoomed being the tube which longer : to produce light best time replace no s long if being the still like . recommendation will model after 's bulb remember manufacturers bulbs the uvb uvb , Repsitun visible bulbs to according uvb
9228
, , , " " . So to answer your question no if you just have a bulb that says it produces UVA then you do not have the sun's rays that your bearded needs
that having " not saying you question UVA , needs it if have you produces bearded you . you that 's answers , just then to a doing so bulb " , the no rays sun
9230
; ; . The person at Petsmart is very wrong in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you they don't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info
pet what ; care better wrong being to they guess giving employees record at . the in not second Petsmart ; have being the you track tell info fact always it store a doing regarding best most pet idea person reliable very
9236
, . Wax worms and meal worms should only be offered as treat items for variety's sake
sake meal variety items should being and offered worms only for as , . treat Wax 's worms
9238
:// - . . / . http herp info webs com beardeddragon htm
http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
9239
:// . . / / /? = http www beardeddragon org articles caresheet page 1
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1
9240
.. . mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in atleast as far as i'm concerned
of or the cages as i being tank or he .. it in you size far whatever as mm atleast having . concerned he depends on
9241
( ) - , - - . if there are shady areas he can move to for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side then you can leave it on a full 12 14 hours if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4 6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4 6 hours at a time twice a day
it hours being . there he escape can with possibly move it at and 4 then at areas to be one can 14 12 tank a 3 if small on though on shady day example a a ) at , x light quite full then side a 6 x 5 - time a twice can time light - - he you a 4 ( hours 6 if not for leaving the 4 tank most
9245
, " " , . Yes it gives him the sun rays necessary that's what UVA is
the he gives yes UVA " what being necessary it sun . rays , being that , "
9248
, , - . Also Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving so its anyone's guess whether or not he'll touch the freeze dried crickets or the processed food
often whether 's he not - , eat or crickets doing or . guess that freeze not touch it will Beardies not also being , being anyone dried the food moving processed the so food
9249
, . I tell all my customers they can try it but don't count on it
all it they , doing customers my not . tell count on try it can but I
9253
, : , ! I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like and i was wondering which would not bite alot and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my family does
being , my ones would I needs christmas bird i family parents and going and for does and list been pets for to and a my more fun being being ! making which i being alot the but doing , being i know which that wondering i not honestly these : would care to as quietest which ask affordable and bite like to not have I a
9258
..... Heres my reason
being my ..... reason here
9263
. They are quite messy and you cannot hold or pet them
quite can messy you or they hold being pet they . not and
9264
. Ive tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed
they tried to just tame I have . they tame not got would and
9265
. They dont want to be held or touched
not doing . touched want they or to held being
9273
. They can do tricks and they arent messy
not . doing they being tricks they messy and can
9280
( ) , , ( .. ) ( ). the younger the eaiser to tame Look for clean smooth feathers beak and clean vent feathers the feathers around the butt dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy Look for a dark eye with no circles the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes
means eyes with look healthy a butt ring ( not ones the older circles feathers having bird smooth feathers , the vent for in tame ) .. for clean ) younger they dirty ( and vent the eaiser look ( . a feathers dark the ) beak clean circles no around the , being to feathers eye the
9289
( , . They sometimes dont get along you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though two girls tend to fight a lot
real for girls you doing but knew along to sometimes fight , a hahahaahh they being though how get lot ( some . two lol tend not girls
9305
. This way they will see that your hand is good and its not going to grab them or hurt them
hurt that better being . being going this hand and they grab they you they not it way will or to see
9309
( , ).... do not take away the food dish from the birds they will associate you as the person who takes away their food
the ) away the take not dish will .... as away the do they person ( who associate takes you food food from birds they ,
9312
( ) . the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you dont jump back or screem they will get used to you They will have no choice but to go on your finger
over they no go choice fly get to first not you couple have used will times they the to screem ( on as or will long . finger will doing jump of they but ) all cages but as back the you you
9313
, . When they see that you arnt harming them the will go up on your finger when you say up
you when see up that when harming ar they they will , on not says up go you the you . finger
9314
) . 4 If they are not going up by now you just gotta keep trying and keep trying
up not trying now being . keeping just 4 you get and keeping going trying ta ) if by they
9317
! Dont give up
not ! up doing give
9323
. And thats my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch
should parakeet a over my you choose a finch . being why that and reason
9328
. : I have a parakeet named Cookie P
having :p a named I parakeet . Cookie
9331
, . I graduate in the spring and so we'd like to go between then and winter
would then so . in we likes winter and , to the I and graduate spring between go
9332
, . We don't want too many tourists and since we'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November
, to of out between can too and middle June school . November tourists we of early anytime many go being doing will not since both want we we the
9333
( ... ), . We don't want it to be too cold not sure when exactly there fall is or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months but we don't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either
or , autumn not ... feel to being in either it weather too the months being cold like exactly go during summer not what but really of sure the being fall there we when right to ( . we doing doing needs there not like we middle we want )
9334
! We're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier
we to being ! early and both explore youngest to country 20 we lives still before while and get start crazier being just we we the wanting in beautiful even
9339
. And then there’s the rain
then and being the . rain there
9343
, . The Irish weather works on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky
' behaviour thing of seasons when day on means not weather you ' . a the sky comes , the irish principle a basically that it to in works the four predict can which the
9345
, , : . In summer from May to July the days are reasonably warm and – most importantly – very long at the height of summer you won’t need to turn on lights until after 10pm
to on : - not reasonably turn summer the most long , lights days need from until - after summer and at being will warm height the very of to July May . in , you importantly 10 pm
9348
( ) ( ) , - - - . Spring February to April and Autumn August to October make good alternatives although the country’s ever growing popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the lines between mid and high season tourism
, the October spring growing ever mid destination - the although to country and 's ( ) as . and popularity can - tourism a ( better ) often alternatives February lines August make April blur tourist season between to high - Autumn
9349
, , - , . Still you have a better chance of some peace and quiet and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid July – again it’s all part of the uncertainty principle
part and - mid-July , still than . again of better , uncertainty the weather you of and and , in quiet in peace some the better surprisingly it having April being a chance being principle all can September
9350
- . Spring festivities include the ever popular St Patrick’s Festival
festivities - popular the include Festival Patrick Spring ever . St 's
9352
, , : , , . Crowds are at their thinnest but many of the country’s tourist attractions and services close down in October and don’t reopen until Easter which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how Ireland is experienced by most of the Irish it’s cold grey and dark by 5pm but there’s always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down
which but to many by of but , country services reopen in Ireland , most grey of the at dark close convincing the leaves until taste a crowds it tourist pub and cold by pm and when irish being down paradoxically and more , . sheeting there being always attractions experienced not visitors with : starts a the how Easter thinnest of 5 into escape rain down October they being 's doing being ,
9356
, , . Afraid I cannot be more helpful it is really a case of pot luck although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa
often weather of afraid sunny not case cold warm a luck a , , will . more versa being as pot being into wet evening turn so helpful really the visa and afternoon morning although I can being or it a changeable lovely
9358
( ?). The summer there is much more mild than most of the US are you coming from the US
the mild than the you from most being US coming there ? . of ) ( more US much being summer the
9363
& / , . To explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car because public transport is expensive only goes as far as the main towns cities most rural places don't have a bus or train service
transport far to or as places a train main not expensive to only need being services cars have rural bus , most explore because public being cities goes . will hire enough to the / old a & beautiful towns doing the you as countryside
9367
, , . We only had a few sunny days this summer barely 24C on a few occasions more like 14C most days
days a barely C days sunny , a this , more few occasions summer . few we most like have on C 14 only 24
9371
, . We had frosts in October so I wouldn't advise visiting late in the year to be honest Spring time is your best bet
years we I , being frosts bet late so time October being you best . in the visiting honest not to spring in have advise would
9377
. 1 of them is really colorful and is about 6cm long
of long 6 really 1 being cms they about being colorful . and
9378
- . 2 of them are kinda whitish and are about 4 5cm long
being kinda of about long being . they whitish cms 4 and - 5 2
9379
. The last one is colourful too but it is about 4cm long
lasted cms colourful being about but . long being 4 it too one the
9392
( ! I've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer
! eggs ( have of killies floating even have I a leaving thermometer on a pair
9394
. Checkout the second source
out source check the second .
9396
, , - . Use a well rinsed medicine vial a cork new fishing bobber or even a piece of non crumbly styrofoam to float them
float vial , a rinsed they non-crumbly even a fishing piece new of well cork a styrofoam to or bobber use medicine , .
9398
( ) & ( ),& , ( % ) . If you have the room to separate the male s females s feed them well on live foods assuming that you are doing weekly 50 water changes when you put them together they will leave a lot more eggs
females they on & s ) well % 50 that having will separate ( & ( live , , being more male doing you the . together room assuming you s when weekly you ) lot the eggs changes ( if water a they leaving to ) they feed put foods
9408
" ". THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to breathe
left couple and breathe to the water treatment water open . before then of " " in with a a treated eggs days put
9409
. Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone
or a they will sate 's in likely worms black leaving a it fry alone with being and to dozen the more leaving snacks jar for adult . desire eggs
9410
... : If a pair isn't leaving eggs check the following
pair ... following the : being leaving if check a eggs not
9414
. - . Aplo lineatus are wide spread over southern India
wide - over spread aplo. lineatus southern be India .
9417
, ( ) . . . Winging it a little here a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM parts per million or 5 8 to 10 6 DH should be fine for gardneri
dh fine . per million ( parts ) to , nearly 200 hardness or it to winging little for ppm 5.8 of 10.6 being should gardneruses a here a 100
9418
( . TDS meters the thrifty aquarist's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department's annual reports
used 's one aquarist municipal ( meter can if seeing 's thrifty meters one you the . water tds department hardness of having reports annual being
9419
( , ). They include a number of minerals there and you can figure out what percentage of that would be your hardness minerals calcium magnesium and iron
of . there percentage ( would what of figure ) out calcium they minerals hardness can iron magnesium include numbers you minerals and , and you that being a
9421
( ) ( ) .) However if there is a high level of sodium chloride common salt that can break down the chorion shell around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo
down embryo ( a the . of get chloride there the common and salt around being allow shell level if ) in to critters broken eat and ) ) chorion however can yoke ( the that high and egg sodium
9423
" ". THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to breathe
water couple breathe . a then a days to put and treated " " before with water the eggs left in treatment of open
9480
. Check out the kids' space as soon as you get onboard
space kids the ' onboard as get as soon out . you check
9483
, . We liked getting the late dinner seating so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are 'early to bed' you may want the earlier seating for dinners
for , . you you earlier being more the late if getting and ' so we see movies to having time seating you early liked ' but may want to stuff dinner bed kids dinners the seating
9485
. All of the doors tend to look alike and having 'something' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier
' doors you you tend you having of on and look all . doors something find helps ' alike room the to kids easier you and
9487
- . Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a 'walkie talkie' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard
doing but ' talkie kind they phones walkie onboard cell room a ' give . phone you will that in not board - working of working on you
9488
. Each evening you will get a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day
you activities evening each the which a Navigator will of ' day the . get all called next ' magazine the for lists
9489
. We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we 'had' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling
we discussed in feel just . lieu ones skipping we chilling of we ours dinner to always what like we ' feel took doing things to and ' and which have
9502
. Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare
grasped waiter my quickly spicy like 's ran ale while wives and fact fare spicy to less lemonade that I foods . the we taste and ginger rather
9509
! That's why I'm posting here
that being being ! I posting here why
9511
, . I posted this in singles and dating too so I've just copied and pasted
I and copied singles and posted . dating just have pasted so , in too this I
9512
, . Well I'll try to make this short
this to short will making , I well try .
9513
, . I have known this guy for a long time but we've never been good friends or anything
for this being or friends anything long we guy a but known better . time have have never , I
9514
( ) . He is my farrier shoes my horses feet so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way
to farrier if so he horses . ) want my way ( it view my being a s shoes technically you I been feet that client
9515
, . Well almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horses feet and was SO flirty
out horses my feet and being he and so s two well done flirty came weeks , ago almost .
9517
. We were also just talking about my horse's crappy feet and he mentioned
mentioned my 's horses and just also we crappy about he . talking being feet
9518
" , ." Well if you ever just want to see me I'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after
look and can just , a over grab " coffee if come then he after ever out . well you I want see I will and " to we
9521
, ( ) ( , ) . Anyway so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horses foot I've never heard of a farrier doing this and telling me to call him in a few days first it was a week then it was a few days lol and he'd come back out and put it in
a back he farrier I I one it , then a this lol week it telling s , a ( first being days in of so never out anyway in he nail and a have to out few being few days leaving ended it would and up ( foot come heard my ) . horses doing and call of ) put he
9524
, , . Anyway so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message but he still hasn't called back yet
that so and that , but he I , ago having being a anyway 2 left days not back called messages yet . still called
9525
? I don't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not
tomorrow I call ? not he again or not know doing should if I
9526
, . I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you but it's different because I'm a client and technically that's all I am at this point
been . calls lot , knew and technically a client being he I until but wait being I that different of it at peoples you point this I to says all being a because
9527
, . On the other hand though if I'm a client he should really of called back by now because you don't leave a customer hanging
I doing on now called if hanging though being a back should you . a leaving because by , customer he of really client hand the not other
9528
. He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad
of this dad numbers first instead not have I time doing he he the called being . my he either because have
9529
. It's a father and son business
. and business a being son it father
9534
" " . The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he didn't want to risk it with my horse's horrible feet
that it not not risk saying he reason doing my he " in he been " because 's with feet doing put . horses the nail horrible want to
9535
. This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them
switched time feet horses the . fourth 's this they done I my just being about they to back have because
9537
, ( ). However he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS now that's what I call a crap farrier
now . without shoe weeks horses left however farrier call I a what , being my ) a crap ( for he that two
9540
, , . Ok calm down it's not like he's some stranger that came up and groped me lol
calm it groped , stranger came some like , down that not being and being I he ok lol . up
9541
. I've known the guy for about 10 years
. I the about for guy 10 known have years
9545
, :) . To answer Barry White yes that did occur to me I hope that is all he's waiting for
to . being being occur doing I that yes for I Barry to all hope that :) waiting he answers White ,
9546
, , . On the other hand he could very easily just call me and say hey I'm busy right now I'll call you when I can come out
you hand , now out easily can come right . when I and I the I call hey on could very busy say he just call other I , will being
9548
. I've never done that before though either
that before . have done never I either though
9549
" , , ." It's always just Okay they're feet need to be done better call the farrier
the to , they're , feet better call it okay being being always needs " doing just farrier " .
9551
! He will call you back Im sure
being will sure he you call back I !
9560
... .. Edit I really dont think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing
... with not I nail danger of hurt missing one being edit really in being .. horses doing think you
9562
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horses Hoof condition and Its a added bonus he would get to see her again
he because being a doing horses see added left it I bonus and he nail the again to really condition hoof belive s of out get the would she
9563
..( ) .. When I was Younger In my early 20s My farrier was A hottie named Joby for those who don't Know I AM A GIRL read my Bio on my Page dumb as a post about everything But horses
on Joby post 20 a early ) who I my girls page my my I as read being those doing when named everything ( but a about a my horses hottie bio dumb farrier for .. know younger been not .. in being
9565
? sorta wonder what it would have been like
? have what like would it wonder a being sort
9568
.. ??? Well one day he said to me You know i don't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mares Right front hoof and I was Like Ummmm okay
day one on doing being saying to wear you ummmm front not ??? he over working underwear my i mare were well s as right bended I he hoof .. knew and okay I like
9569
.. Im glad his butt was facing me so he couldn't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing
being facing glad so red I laughing being he being see my even he mare could my not face .. butt I thought I
9570
??? Well 6 weeks Later when he came back out He was again working on my mares front Foot and I looked Down and Yeah he had Wholes In his pants In the wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was like what
like being in I on in back when and I Foot he yeah wholes pants what my ??? and came weeks places bust have he he mare being laughing front out out he wrong down working the and well looking 6 later he again s
9575
, ( ) , . Wow he does sound interested in you my farrier never gives me hugs like that probably a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids anyway I find that they can be very busy so I would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but don’t leave a message so you don’t have to necessarily wait for him to call
like gives 2 week a wait a kids so necessarily lo9nger does wives ) better you as a never thing wow , having hugs to being call for sound he I give busy find no anyway that reply you my . would a still to in so but very if he messages I have and farrier ( doing that I , and interested not can call probably not a leave doing he wait they he
9576
, / , . From the point of view of a business and client operator relationships he's doing a really shitty job
he being doing of of really , from the / view operator shitty and relationships , job business a a point client .
9577
? Leaving nails out so you'll call and have him come back out later
you come have nails and out call he out ? so later leaving back will
9578
, - , , . Cute or not I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a sub par job at something he needs to be doing his best at whether he's flirting or trying to ask you out or not he ought to put quality first
first or a trying he doing he best or would you put sub-par he job he to because , cute bloke he needs , to doing not whether ask being being I not to . ought quality something being different a or at at flirting out call ,
9583
, . He's not lame but he's been having issues
, issues he being . he not being lame but having being
9584
: Here's what the owner has said
here said being the : what owners having
9588
( ). I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday I expected him to drop some
that weight to month drop ) but I some and being ( . worked first everyday losed having got expected I he some the attributed to he of he back the
9591
, . He can eat all his feed and doesn't drop any but cannot eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it
it drop from all of , but chew and not can muscle he lack any he to can . does feed eat not hay eat
9595
. I CANNOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him
being not with treat can to he I . whatever wrong afford
9604
/ .... I'll be having my equine chiro acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him
doing chiro he having I get work doing equine to will being some if acupuncturist well I my .... as / out
9610
. He's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle
and saddle having being currently issues under many . he not rideable still
9611
. This is a horse that I otherwise wouldn't be able to afford and even if I spend 2K and treatment I come out ahead of his purchase price
. he I this being treatment afford spend 2 otherwise and horses purchase being ahead a would out to not price of if and I able k even that come I
9613
. She is the one that can't afford to do anything else for him in case he doesn't recover fully
afford . does one not can in he that he for not she case anything the fully to being doing else recover
9614
. He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he can't eat regular hay
hay eat . can head the can he in for regimen a my grain already regular feed I guy and not he eat having since
9615
. I don't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain
it eat up he to keeping . weight doing being he so will can think the I hard long as grain not
9616
. I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford
horses up a pick to can I not I going afford been go not .
9619
& . I will also be having my other vet up who's a chiro acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers
wobblers having other will I evaluate up he . for being being & acupuncturist also a my chiro who to vet
9621
, ( ). He's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead which could or couldn't be related
troubles and he toes being lead related only and muscle or ) of right the which the . exhibited drag , with could atrophy slight not could being weight a with loss bit ( some
9623
. He's not starving
starving not . being he
9624
He's dropping we
being we he dropping
9626
. He's not starving
not being . he starving
9627
, . He's dropping weight but most of that came from being at the trainers and being ridden hard for 60 days
the s rided of dropping from came trainers being being most at but 60 . being hard weight , he that for and days
9628
. He's not putting it back on
. not it on back being putting he
9632
. I'm willing to give it a shot
giving it I shot being to a willing .
9633
, . Gallop I've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well
research articles Gallop site through , well as I colleges from already and . being that read research the have read whole
9637
. If that is the case then acupuncture isn't going to hurt him
that going case not to if . then being hurt being the he acupuncture
9638
It's actually one of the alternative therapies for EPM
of it epm the for alternative one being therapies actually
9640
! . I do think some Y A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I can't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse
. doing rescue as getting can it I Y!A being treatment as a abuse some working how medical comprehension I a needs not horses in and reading they comprehend taking users think qualified to on
9643
. If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up
as being giving the go if will up I you so and support all what it you I out can for moral . figure
9646
. As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we've had to deal with it
MI in have have Shee epm with to as . we like it being deal to saying
9650
. That horse returned to racing and we didn't notice much difference
not horses we to returned doing . notice and much that difference racing
9651
, . We've had a few since then but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida
in Florida we horses began . a few wintering , but race have then since none we have since
9652
, . I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers but we haven't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years
they that least idea years but if knew at no because have a job having better farmers out we of in related being or a opossums , being clearing I opossums 10 now . being epm doing not have carriers horses
9655
/ . We've always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1 2 mile
then 2 mile always mile on / . bigger have that better long tracks 1 we does liked trotters
9658
. I don't know
know I doing not .
9662
, . I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now but it may be sometime before those results are released
, may having being real in the results time situations real now I believe those lab work world study testing being . but some released a they before it
9664
. West Nile can cause EPM like symptoms and doesn't always include a fever
Nile can does a . like always cause symptoms fever epm and include not West
9666
, . You hate to see talent get wasted but honestly I don't think I could take in a horse right now these issues
, these but I issues take a you wasted right now honestly not . to in think got doing talent horses see I hate could
9669
( ) , ... ... If you have a good repoire which I'm sure you do with them they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree not really sure what you want to do with him
with on what with honest being he to , sure to being doing which not ) I better you sure really if ... you fixable this any they horses degree having does if should want repoire being ( you ... they a
9678
. I think if you cannot afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect
that not prospect consider he treated I to as thought can afford . a should you you not get he if
9682
. They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it didn't work for my hair
being extremely they when rude a not going working bad hair to doing back very they and why for hair I . ask with it job done my my
9686
, . He didnt prescribe pain meds or other drugs he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable
unusual doing other , pain he results prescribe he or being used the being drugs he not but meds bodytalk method which . undeniable
9688
. He knows what hes doing
he knows being doing what . he
9689
/ / Our Wedding 11 7 08
11/7/08 we wedding
9690
/ / . We just had our wedding on 11 7 08 and was very impressed
very just and being 11/7/08 wedding . impressed we have on we
9693
. Thanks again Saucey's
. Saucey thanks again 's
9715
, ! the guy came on time and didn't take any breaks he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly
take he job efficiently straight ! promptly and breaks working and guy on going and finished not the the time to any , doing came
9716
. i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks
the . being more could not happier looks way my garage with i
9724
, , ! its great to know you can get great service great product and for the best price all in one
can all , best and great the you , services great great product for price being ! know get one to it in
9725
!! I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way
same i I here everyone the way all referred !! and have feel knew they
9726
! i'll be coming back for years to come
being will years to back for coming come i !
9737
! We went to Kobeys on Saturday and had our whole teams uniforms done
done team Kobey s going we to s we uniforms have Saturday ! and on whole
9744
. They are preparing my older son for kindergarten and looks forward to seeing his teacher and friends everyday
older kindergarten and friends looks son preparing day every seeing for being teacher they he forward . my to and
9745
. My infant is content everyday when I drop off and pick up
infant I up pick . content every day drop my off when and being
9747
, . I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment and supplied a certificate for only 70p per unit
we the certificate barn 3 come all Scot my equipment spill and dance within pat p unit to for I my 70 premises hours SRD having and Whisky a . , testing PAT per rang only tested band supplied and
9758
- !! I go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co workers and the employees at Max's are great
every or in bagels for get the myself Max I and great going morning employees co-workers to my being at about !! 's
9764
. ! Dr Faris is a great doctor
! Faris great a doctors being Dr.
9769
. . Mr Squeege is THE BEST
being Squeege the Mr. best .
9778
. This is car number 3 we've purchased through them
being this they we have 3 cars numbers purchased . through
9782
, , , , !! Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltd did a very Professional job very quick no fuss deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home Great arrangement Great price
a tints great quick great fuss Ltd he very , Tintman home price very at drove deliverd no I , the I arrangement , cars done back !! job professional to Nationwide and Mark ,
9791
. This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in
. store this in I Verizon worst being by the far have store being
9801
. . Dr Wallen and staff was excellent
being . staff Dr. excellent and Wallen
9803
. . Dr Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me
explained in took the time with Wallen detail he I and . procedure Dr.
9807
. I've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best
being around Steel the by quite a far this and to Stainless I shops . being few have area tattoo best
9819
, . The employees make you feel very comfortable and are very helpful whether you are very knowledgeable or don't know anything at all about wine
being anything all helpful you . not , being doing feel make employees knowledgeable you very know very wine or comfortable whether the about very at and
9824
. They are honest about 'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs and have very fair prices
' very concerns . having they ' immediate repairs and fair honest versus recommended ' being prices ' about
9828
, . Their store is dusty dirty and feels like you're stepping into the 1970s
into stepping and , they you the like being 1970 dirty dusty . feels being store
9829
. They don't take coupons
take coupons not they doing .
9835
/ ! I've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut
! not cut received I now Georgia and other 2 salons of kind more from in payed / and treatment have have this have have barbershops or cuts
9837
. I don't get it
. I not doing it get
9838
, , ( ). This place is awesome with a great ambiance and cool décor and the food is scrumptious and especially their signature banana split
this great and and the food banana ( signature place awesome a , . ) they cool ambiance with being , scrumptious décor and being split especially
9839
, , ... ? Sure some items are a little pricey but c'mon have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before
in sure pricey on ever to being ... items a , before you Seattle have little ? , been c'm but some out eat
9840
, . I've only had good experiences at Adorn I was greeted and offered a refreshment
offered I have I Adorn being better greeted a at refreshment experiences have and . only ,
9852
( ), . I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end as our building contractor carried out the electrical work they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using PJC as our electrical maintenance contractor
we . and ) we with electrical of although doing being the advice not use and subsequently call plenty refurb useful company a I this in electrical work we contractor over for carried phoned end we ( as on , building they as provided maintenance they out the contractor information PJC using phone office now hour we I
9856
, ( ), . Additionally when there was confusion my fault they left me flowers along with a personalized gift
, my flowers confusion , they when . I with fault ( gift personalized left there ) a additionally been along
9861
.... I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House
it much to have being not would being way economy because the fo .... have i house money round the I with repairs having the
9869
. But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER
ever weekend have worst having the but . location I staff this seeing
9874
. Cannot ask for a better experience
ask for can a better not . experience
9880
, ! BAD COFFEE DONT BOTHER
bad ! doing coffee bother , not
9881
? Can't you make a decent cup of coffee
cup coffee of not you ? a can making decent
9886
, ???? Westfield and Rt 1 do it well WHY CANT U
Westfield Rt not why ???? , 1 u and can does it well
9891
, , . The Brick Ikea and Leon's have their place
's and the , place , Ikea Leon Brick they . having
9895
! That's 3x worse than Qwest DSL's lowest speed offering
Qwest than lowest worse that offering 3 being speed 's DSL x !
9898
:// . . / / . http www speedtest net result 1155244347 png
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png
9900
. Yes my G1 screen is back working
yes working . screen 1 back my g being
9904
... Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i didn't want to go thru that
... to of not go and to want i phone thru my doing Tmobile that wanting send
9908
, ! You can't go wrong with Tuesday prices even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedians
even comedians the not you bag ! mixed you get go quite , of if wrong prices Tuesday can with
9922
! Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and ive been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous
my hair and years hair by cut Nivine fixed and in they i my ! Hair being fantastic wedding another and i always my my being salon more done my care hair there feel have it hair i and looking 2 girls eastgardens now for the have fabolous going confident colored happy for have at about after
9925
. Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon
why reason the best east north . a chef reigon being there mcclelland Frank of named being
9928
( ). The waiting staff is beyond impeccable they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom
napkin going to beyond the staff waiting when ) you being you ( refold the bathroom . they impeccable
9930
, - . I didn't end up buying my car here but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me
cars the pretty being here doing he I . to my guy price which doing worked little lot to think I I I who on - , budge up means the buying being with a not end willing but cool a
9931
, ! Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free even if you didn't buy your car there
they tires there if you doing also maintenance buy with free for will and ! , not other you even tasks you small fill cars air
9933
, - . Before you buy ANYTHING in NY make sure you stop by Jack s first
make you sure you buy -s anything . by NY first Jack , in stop before
9936
, - ! Trust me you go there once and you ll always go back
trust once there I -ll , going and back you you ! always go
9939
. I'ma soccer mom so I wasn't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear
it dancewear to sure mom a for so soccer what I comes I looking being when I not being . being
9946
! I've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased
friends over numbers the also extraordinarily everyone here and a ! I of use pleased have services to being sent
9951
, ( : ) . Tonight I called several times with no answer Btwn 5 30 and 6 pm and finally drove there to place my order in person
place finally person order called ( pm btwn answer there my I and several no , 6 tonight in ) and drove . 5:30 to times with
9956
. We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I'm extremely happy with the whole thing
happy . with built World whole Patio the extremely thing we can by just and that I got being say sunroom we
9962
. Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales persons attention
there tried another stood person person repeatedly s get and items store a sales to with attention in . a the
9963
. It wasn't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you
gave I the it you not until was asked up he can helped that walked out someone doors . and
9971
. I don't get it
doing . get I it not
9972
( ?), , ... Spongy and sweet bread microwaved heartless salsa tiny dogs
dogs ... , ) tiny heartless spongy ? ( and microwaved bread , sweet salsa
9975
, ... If this is the best that Tucson has to offer I am outta here
this ta is out , I best being offer the having if here Tucson that ... to
9976
: . I called on a Friday at 12 30 complaining of a severe toothache
. called at complaining of a severe toothache a 12:30 Friday I on
9977
. . Dr Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday
Obina I closed on office Dr. that call he . and Monday that he at I noon should told
9978
. . I had been a patient of Dr Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc
. of patients for dollars I crowns of having being etc thousands having Dr. years a and Olbina 9 spent on
9980
. Don't go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry
doing Amelia go Dentistry to Gentle not .
9987
. It's impossible to get an appointment
impossible get . a being appointment to it
9988
- ... . If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re schedule for 6 weeks later
re-schedule ... make for a . weeks you get 6 you late they if traffic later couple and being in caught minutes
10008
. Since I'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed
late around work . I being since at needed to stayed having out I when usually helped Deb
10009
!!!!! This was after I brought the car
the after brought cars this !!!! been ! I
10014
. It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta
all in it metro Atlanta being money will the the for best . meal of find you
10039
... !!! My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap pl ensure you dont
ensure does this have fallen to I !!! all advise being my ... pl you into not trap
10041
, !! HCC's new nine was a little shaky at first but the NEW grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course
done new HCC first the shaky nine the being little superintendant wonders 's grounds but !! a having for , course at new
10059
! she didnt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it
insulting said and I let should finish have not even I sentence she i telling ! a how without I it doing
10060
! i wont go back
! go will i back not
10062
! brought dog home and its all choppy now
choppy dogs home ! being now brought it and all
10063
( ) ( :// . . / / ) ! If you watch a lot of fights youtube and research some of the history http en wikipedia org wiki Bullfighting you will find yourself enjoying it a lot more
! you of you and a will ( lot yourself more find fights enjoying ) the some a history of research ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting it youtube ) if watch lot
10064
, ( >= . ). Also after seeing a handful of bullfights I can say that they're a lot more enjoyable if you're smashed BAC 15
that you of . bullfights seeing smashed more if after bac >= being they a ) ( can enjoyable handful also , say .15 I being lot a
10069
... !! After going to the hospital and paying ER prices there is no way I won't be back here
to I going and way here back not the paying ... will hospital !! there being after no prices er being
10075
. I choose Console Pros and I'm happy I did
and happy Pros Console I I done being I choose .
10077
, & . It's dark dingy dirty
dark . being , dirty dingy it &
10078
( , !) The salads are limp and the rest of the food isn't any better ok the nachos are not too bad
being being ok better bad the and being limp ! nachos the of ) not food rest not , the any salads ( too the
10079
; " ". This place may have been something sometime but it way past it sell by date
something sell may it " way sometime this it . " but ; by place have past date being
10080
. I have eaten here twice in the past year and will not go back and cannot recommend it
have twice will it back not can not in the years eated past and go . I here recommend and
10083
.... it wasent going an had a gear box problem
it problems box an .... gear not wase have a going
10084
$ ... i coldn't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for 150
not else ... to took fix $ so cold fixed i i local they there 150 it find for it anywere it and
10087
... Hams on Friendly RIP
s Friendly ... rip on Ham
10088
, -- . This is the original Ham's restaurant expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's but this one is no more
original expanded more restaurants into but -- no chain this in , . being 80' the 's late the this a being regional Ham one
10092
... . So long Hams you will be missed
so ... will Ham being . s missed you long
10121
. . Dr Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters
team health . a advocate both being Aster strong in my daughters Dr. have the of and she
10122
. , . Dr Aster is very kind an gentle with the children but also positive and to the point with the parents
to with the children an Dr. the but point kind also positive with parents Aster , the very being gentle and .
10123
. She is and excellent doctor to have on one's team
and to doctors team . on excellent being have she 's one
10125
- . My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved
hassle simple I and we involved overall for some . re-wiring in years avoided cost electrical home due fairly wives doing several my and to
10130
. I've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers
with writer have stories they describe have I . friends printers horror
10134
, . Already I'm considering future projects and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing
needs will Paperback . that my than choosing I other being already no you I can being future projects , for assure printing and Printing Atlanta Book I considering
10142
: , . PLEASE DON'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DON'T WANT TO CRY HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE
this troubles have . please move , use to a want on the moving doing company day not cry bad you experience not you doing : and of if
10144
. You've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home
home job my have cleaning fabulous Maids a . gotten done you
10148
. This place has the best baby and childrens clothes
. s clothes place the having this baby children and best
10149
. Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just cant find in a lot of stores
especially find lot in end a sake not clothing that keep you of high . sort can just of stores
10150
. It is all very unique and you wont find any other baby wearing the same stuff
stuff unique the you being it all other any and baby . wearing find same will not very
10152
. Afterall she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it
not figure all for a being I why . will baby she enjoy it after long so only
10170
, , . I also had a pedicure and they cut my nails too short one of my big toes looks like its getting infected
my and it being cut , also short infected bigger pedicure of they like looks my , I toes too one getting . have a nails
10172
. I'm certainly no expert on asian food in fact not even a lover of Vietnamese food but I wanted to try the real things here at A Dong
a the wanted try Dong expert asian vietnamese real but here being . in things no fact on food at lover A food even of I not certainly I to
10215
. , , . Esp the mole tortilla soup and guacamole
tortilla soup esp. the and guacamole . , , mole
10222
Thankyouthankyou
you thank thank you
10223
.... . . There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston don't waste your time here
houston many be .... . . doing here to wonderful waste time so there not dine places in you great
10229
. I don't recommend this place
place recommend doing not I . this
10239
.. . That did it for me no more Raina's
's it that more I .. . for done no Raina
10240
.. - .... Besides parking is a pain cramped and un ruly with Kumon Parents next door gives me heebee gee bees'
Kumon being Parents bees' and .... .. besides I doors next heebee pain cramped with a un-ruly gives gee parking
10243
- - . I much preferred the one on one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms
experiences services preferred have the firms much have one . with to here and - on one I the bigger offices I -
10244
, . While I hope I don't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon if I do I'll definitely use this firm again
I need firm anytime does this I I lawyer for definitely . have I soon hope again will doing a any use if , while not
10251
- . If you are serious about working out in a non commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be
best place in serious you if chosen about a . to being the be out atmosphere like have non-commercial you then working
10252
.... !! This is the most humble gym you will every step into if you dare to work on your body don't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be
every been you addicting can you into this to UNLIMITED when not see dare body being step will how working you surprised .... if humble on to !! being going most you gym doing the FITNESS
10253
- ... Over rated
... over-rated
10254
- . This restaurant is over rated
over-rated this . being restaurants
10258
, .. ... .. ! Secondly the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce but chili like Hormel's chili the cheese was American cheese
with but chili like chili , americans cheese doing enchilada .. come secondly enchladas Hormel cheese being not ! sauce the ... the 's ..
10261
..................... . & . Mixed Tempura 8 25 Shrimp or vegetable tempura salad
Tempura mixed salad shrimp . & 8.25 or vegetable tempura .....................
10263
. I'm very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out again
out definitely happy very will I and and . carry dine again in being
10269
. . Dave Terrell www norcalfightingalliance com
Terrell Dave www.norcalfightingalliance.com
10284
, . I enjoy going there although i've only been there once i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here
to , a will being the there only enjoy i the I to i i tips I best have to and toda there will and although . returning being go recieve been here french best of pair only once going
10289
. They don't seem to be interested in selling cars
seem . they cars in doing to selling being interested not
10294
, , ! Don't waste time just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek they actually do try to help their customers there
, not time they try they to minutes helped there drive ! doing Creek down just , more doing to Stevens waste 10 customers actually
10304
. Filled up on too much beer and hence cannot comment on the food
beer can food up on the and hence filled comment much . too on not
10308
. I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it's been a refreshing change
in being it being I and change into moved late the a Apartments Tanglewood 2008 . refreshing
10310
- - . The manager Tiffany is actually very nice so I'ma bit surprised by other comments
the so other manager actually - a bit . nicest being very being - I Tiffany by surprised comments
10311
. She's very reachable and she has always responded quickly to any questions or requests
to requests having always . she and reachable very being she responded or questions quickly any
10316
, . One guy is a little surley but who gives a crap as long as your car's work is outstanding
's little as cars a . a outstanding work long guy you crap but gives as who surley being one being ,
10317
- , . AND they're usually able to help you as a walk in and they're fast
helped a walk to as able being they fast and - , and usually in being they . you
10321
, , . A bit pricey so I didn't go very often but it was always a treat when I did
a treat . go very , not I when it always doing but often being bit I , done so a pricey
10323
. I'm assuming they are completely out of business since I can't find any contact information
of I completely business I being out they since being assuming not any . contact can information find
10324
, . I'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer
have continue , place shame because would longer cakes being baking the these out it . a being doing to to bakers not they hoping I any another of
10326
, , . What I love most about this place other than the food is that eating here makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than Baltimore
feel eating town than like makes being place small most that the what food other than here , about love a rather you in . you this I being Baltimore ,
10332
. Don't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there
there started being . doing how drink expensive not on even it get to I
10334
. ( ) Apps 4 Salad 3 Entree 3 5 Wine 5 NOV 07
wine 4 NOV entree 3 5 apps ) 07 salad ( 3.5
10339
, . I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again I'll definitely order a steak
being town need looking the . steaks I I I will and steaks but for amazing definitely a very were again feeling fish which better , the I salmon been have order in so the if some
10345
- . Re interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job
a for going being new job . interviewed and re-interviewed on
10346
. I'm really thankful for the folks at HR Office
the HR at I . thankful really folks Office for being
10348
!!!!! I highly recommend them to all of my friends
friends my ! I of they all highly recommend !!!! to
10350
. . I adopted a 3 5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League
lab Friends from adopted . 3.5 I the yellow a old winter Dumb lasted League month
10352
! If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup don't forget to check out the shelters
if lookout on the to the check shelters pup out pure you not a doing being forget breed for !
10355
, . No silverware asked for a spoon for my sons mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon
spoon ended for . tea mac to having my spoon cheese a , s up and my son asked silverware use for no
10358
. Had to go the the bus boys station ourselves to get napkins
get to . bus s ourselves napkins the have station the boy to go
10361
. . Dr Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had
Chao have Dr. I . being you dentist ever best have the
10369
, . I guess they figured me for an easy mark and tried to explain that my car wouldn't pass unless I replaced a hose
I pass they easy and guess I hose I my a tried cars figured . to , explain not mark replaced would for a unless that
10371
, , , . If you're a fan of herpes being ripped off and child molesters this is the garage for you
and if , garage being being ripped child for herpes this fan off you , being , the you . of molesters a
10378
. I don't want to waste my time with them
they to . with doing want I waste not time my
10390
/ ( ?) Boutique stores dealing in children's clothing gifts are often outrageously priced who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie
who stores for gifts clothing paying to ) a outrageously wanting boutique often dollars / newborn dealing in priced onesie 40 's children ( being ?
10391
( , - % ). but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Purple Goose's prices are reasonable for the SAME products found at other area boutiques the prices were 20 25 cheaper
being found cheaper I products find but the 's prices ( Purple Goose pleasantly at being ) - other to the area , boutiques prices for 20 % 25 surprised being that the same . reasonable
10404
, ! Check out The Willow Lounge youll be happy
, ! out the will you Lounge check happy Willow being
10405
. Its been a few years since I have been to Ipanema
since Ipanema being have it . I years few being being to a
10406
( ), ! But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food think lots of meat but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant
but turned thinking first out meat it to my being thinking there a it ) and going of I restaurants ! , ( being but food brazilian lots would wives vegan
10409
, ... , ! Don't let the nondescript building entrance fool you these are some creative and talented chefs two thumbs way way up
way the doing entrance thumbs building up , ! these chefs way talented being some two lets and you , creative fool ... nondescript not
10411
. I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser's
birthday party threw recently for my a at I . surprise 's Fraiser wives
10414
, . I highly recommend Fraiser's for anyone planning a special event for friends family or business
or for highly 's a family for I anyone friends Fraiser . , special planning event recommend business
10417
, . It's located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway
of HONKA Evergreen Homes it huge Log Walmart , off in building Parkway located being the by .
10429
, . DONT ever go there not even if your car flips
ever . go , if you even not flips doing cars there not
10431
. I'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products
being . they dissatisfied compeltly they I products with and services
10439
, , . . I walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top 2 inch long hair on the sides and 1 5 in the back
. , the inch long 5 back inch with out long sides walked on 1.5 and the top I the hair in hair on , 2
10449
, . Don't go or you will learn how to waste your money
to , or . will not doing go how you money waste you learn
10460
, ... . We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it's worth the extra travel as the care provided exceeds our expectations especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere
away horrendous the have ... the it a we elsewhere moved , the especially extra few care centre since further being daycare expectations we after as slightly experiences worth travel exceeds . provided from but
10461
!!!!! HORRIBLE
! horrible !!!!
10470
. best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I calledA CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services
best CLASS dr Garage A my ever stuck so open Doors called being I quote halfway services gate .
10487
... ..." ".... . I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me the inspection guy isn't here today for example
excuses yearly shops " I long never usual not I the also to sticker a " ... the here being for .... wait example ... other todays having for gave guy inspection always never inspection . and get
10492
, . Stephanie's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did
buy , secure in Stephanie feel we market decision when we . done we price and of make range to properties the we in knowledge 's
10496
, , $ . Firstly the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick's or he would know that Nick only charges 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard
, never for he 's , reviewer which haircut having Nick or a being know industry being the charged much pretty Nick other that would $ firstly to only clearly 13 standard .
10499
, ... . Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par but if you wait for Nick you'll be good
some . ... will the kids for you bit a if being wait but of you that younger better there , par working Nick being sub
10509
I'll never go back there again
will I go never again back there
10512
, . Now I won't eat fast food Chinese unless it's from this place
now eat food , . will chinese being fast place it this from unless not I
10513
. The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant
have a valuing from found restaurants I the chinese . best
10515
: : Now I have to be in the area to get some lovin' sadface
face the some : in to to now having be get I lovin' sad : area
10525
, . Dave is a patient and methodical teacher who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take
being ear they lessons take and students teacher great and a and . to having want they Dave a he the patient methodical who ' , sensitivity for passion direction
10528
- , ! In just 2 3 focused lessons I'm already now capable of picking up new songs off YouTube guitar how to videos and am even writing my own orginals with confidence
, I 3 writing confidence 2 how to just already orginals - of been YouTube now new with up off own my lessons and focused guitar capable even being ! videos songs picking in
10533
. We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday
on . liked way every the also job we day that Ray the checked
10548
, . Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't use it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole
still it of booked this use you hell the even they crap not but the though days get hole you charge being worth , will . the out
10567
+! I give this dealer an A
! give + a this dealer a I
10573
!!!!!!! I HATED SUSHI BEFORE BUT NOW I CANT STOP EATTING IT
!!!!!!! not hated I stopped eatting but it before now can sushi I
10576
!!!! THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUTTA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS
dishes being this grill they sushi just world out !!!! and ta fabulous being
10581
[ ] : no homo D
] :d homo [ no
10587
( ), , . It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table as in many European cafes but if you are OK with that the food is very good
the at food it that parties the with being cafes being , ) separate you where place . table same ok being many if being better european very , a in bustling ( but as seated
10592
. Only if it is of the quality of That's Amore
it being only . that of quality Amore the being if of
10595
. Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven
the comes being chickens and mousse excellent . from that then straight there heaven being chocolate saltimboca
10596
- . Pay extra attention to the appetizers the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree
- entree instead the pay . attention to a being I going the next planning a ordered on of I appetizers few there extra time
10606
, . Based on the test results the home inspector stated that the quality of their job was “excellent”
stated of based the the inspector " job . being " home excellent they that test , on results the quality
10608
! We love T's Cafe
T Cafe 's love ! we
10610
. T's has been a North County landmark for thirty years and with good reason
having North County landmark . 's and T with better a thirty for years reason being
10613
, . If you've been to North County chances are it's in your favorites list already
being be if you to being it County . , have chances in favorites list North you already
10620
# . I'ma guy with tricky hair so getting that right is job 1
guy hair so being job getting with that being I tricky a 1 right # .
10622
... . Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave saying it's the best look I've ever had
best have hair only it have leave it my not comment and time cut I ever being I a better saying . on friends but my being looked wives ... the every
10624
. Looks like there's a lot of talent in this place
talent there this in of place . lot looks being like a
10639
, ( ) . I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs I would now not recommend this business to anybody
Mrs kennels have to to before spoken anybody after a this members staffs the I I I whose being need would feeled not business I review write but complaint never name . the ( to believe a a Closs now , recommend of to by way at or making the ) being
10646
. They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it won't hurt my score
tried my will hurt so to credit my it score they not as less score . run as possible
10648
, . If you're looking to buy a car definitely give them a call
give you definitely a to a they buy , . cars looking being call if
10659
. , . Dr Taylor was not only available on a Sunday but also was able to immediately take care of me
Sunday Taylor take immediately of but also was Dr. to I a not , available . care on being able only
10661
, . ! Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general Dr Taylor was the best
hates being a best Taylor dentist from Dr. the who the , coming general in person !
10665
. This school is the worst one i've ever been to
worst this to ever i the been one . school being have
10667
, , . There's holes everywhere in the ceiling sewage constantly leaks through the ceiling and the whole condition of the school is horrible
whole constantly the the the , through there being . holes ceiling being condition , of in sewage ceiling leaks school horrible the everywhere and
10668
, , ( , ). The staff and the Principal are rediculous they don't listen to any input and they make up rediculous rules They banned backpacks because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student's
, they up backpacks banned and rediculous they ) they teacher , and 's make input student . rules ( doing to a principal the , over a staff not because tripped the listen rediculous any being
10673
. I haven't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it
to to in since I place not able it a . Seattle doing have being repair having able that being shoe find
10674
( .) I've been through at least 5 places already
already at least have . through places ) being 5 I (
10679
. It's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word
many spread it and really local being so quickly I want cool to that so word place one found being the in businesses .
10681
, , . The staff do occasionally get game info correct but if your looking fot a good game and aren'ta nerd dont ask them
. but doing nerd and occasionally they games , if not get staff a looking the , games info being fot not a doing better ask you being correct
10683
. I knew what it was and told the guy that it wasn'ta fps
and know that what not being told it . the a fps being guy I it
10684
. Overall they aren't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market
types not overall very about the . being of the being they knowledge on games market
10685
First and Last time we'll eat there
will time eat first lasted and there we
10687
- . Neither one of us had ever been so we thought we'd try it
being of having . we ever - it we we so one thought try would neither
10692
. !!! Liquidweb com Rocks
!!! rocks liquidweb.com
10693
. , . I am not a client of liquidweb com but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites
Steven one of having friend my . , liquidweb.com websites not been called several the of a client I being but client
10697
. I would like to host my upcoming website to Liquidweb com
website upcoming to would hosted to likes liquidweb.com I my
10713
, . If you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients you'll love Vetri
that , a executed perfectly Vetri dishes few exquisite . simple love want if feature you you will ingredients
10714
- ( ). Hands down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten and I've eaten a lot
have gnocchi pasta lot . and eated best hands and a down I - ( eated ever ) have I the
10715
, - , . The antipasti were amazing the wines were mind blowing the service couldn't have been better
not the - have blowing , . wines mind being the being antipastos could , better being services amazing the
10716
- . I've dined at lots of high end restaurants and I've never before felt my money was so well spent
lots feeled before and dined restaurants have I well so . - money being of at never spended my end I have high
10718
( ) : ! I've been to this shop twice once for an inspection and again for an oil change and they truly live up to their name Discount
they ( for ! a once and twice for and a again being shop truly lived oil to this change up have ) Discount inspection name to I : they
10721
. There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you'd like
. of free even bottles you there if and water would coffee being likes
10727
. He was patient and adapted when everything didn't go according to schedule on my wedding day
when not wedding according and being my on day everything to . patient adapted doing he schedule go
10732
. He doesn't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you won't even notice that there's a camera there
even just of he take pictures there he art not there . a does being camera notice will out makes that you they not and
10734
. My husband just got a bike there as a gift he's only had it a month
. have there bike husband month he a only as got being a a it my just gift
10735
. It's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money
lot cost it money being nicest bike and . it a a of
10746
! It's pretty ridiculous
! being ridiculous pretty it
10748
!!!!! They don't care one bit about you
not care bit doing about !!!!! one they you
10752
, ! When I called the manager to complain she said she KNEW the guy didn't know about curtains and that the usual lady called in sick hours earlier
not the earlier curtains know when about the lady called doing and manager guy hours in saying ! I sick usual that know to called , she the complain she
10760
" , . I MAKE MONEY NOT DEAL WITH BROKERS Wow can you believe in todays tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles
dealership . for " s make in this dealt times believe brokers not looking todays , wow money being vehicles with way would to I move any you can tough
10767
( ) ( ). Those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank 1 screw and the air filter canister 4 spring clips
( screw and 4 ) spring canister windsheild up air fluid ( clips things filtered ended those washer being a 1 . ) tank the
10769
. There's no excuse for that kind of estimate
there kind no estimate being for of . that excuse
10770
. My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we didn't want to wait in line at Outback
on in and . this my because Outback I a took line chance to we want place at wait girlfriend doing not
10772
# . 1 its immaculately clean
being # 1 it . immaculately clean
10776
- . TRY THIS PLACE YOU'LL LOVE IT
love . - this place you will it try
10778
. . I came in and saw Dr Ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking
came . I Dr. for and month about in a quitting smoking Ruona saw ago
10779
. I have to tell you that I haven't had one and don't want one
I not that not to have one you doing and told I . want one having have
10782
. , , . Dr Ruona if you read this thank you for helping me get more healthy
if healthy you , this I Ruona get more you . , Dr. read helping thank for
10784
. I can't thank you enough
can . I enough you thank not
10794
. . . Please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www veraakulov com
practice more website please www.veraakulov.com visit . about my at learn my to
10799
. If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you'll love this zoo
you you or yourself being . love if a animal zoo will real children having lover just this
10800
$ . It's only 10 and in essence just one big petting zoo
it just $ . petting 10 in zoo one being essence bigger and only
10802
( ) . We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when very harshly I might add grabbing and 'kissed' the goats and lambs
laughed and I goats grabbing old month ) ' kissed lambs ' and harshly when she and took might we we giggled the very ( 7 . adds and
10807
. I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee
enough can she for Gracee . not say about my wonderful and I having I the and things dogs things Karla done better
10811
- !!!! You should give her a try it's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting
every !!!! in pet penny with being hands you to being know that it great worth she pet a Wunderbar giving try sitting you should -
10812
Worst Service I've Ever Experienced
have experienced worst services ever I
10813
, , . I wish there was something good to say about the business but unfortunately there isn't
. wish there unfortunately business about being been but not , better , the say to there I something
10819
. I'd recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store
greek time . I store would saving to energy another recommend you and and find
10828
- Over rated
over-rated
10829
, . Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr but that doesn't impress me
, its that inevitably does of Buddakan with association I but the impress . attracts because guests Steven of simply Starr not its majority
10832
- ! The angry lobster was completely over priced
over-priced lobster completely the being angry !
10834
. I wouldn't go there again
not again there would go . I
10839
, , , , ( , ... !). Also if you are into wine Alto has the depth of both region varietal and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier or after 9pm bring your own bottle for free no corking fee
bring both Alto to . depth into you pm satisfy of , vintage or , if nearly , corking and 9 any fee own no , ) for you wine after having being the , varietal also sommelier free ! bottle region ... (
10840
, . While it's not cheap Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget
it never Alto you being will . will giving cheap while experience a , not forget you
10844
. I'ma single female and I feel safe coming home at night
I a single at . night female coming I home feel being safe and
10847
, , ! Yes you still have a few bugs but that's going to be anywhere you go
anywhere going , still being but yes , going a having to ! few you bugs that being you
10850
... ... . I know that's ugly but she won't help you out for anything sad story
being helped will anything story ... for ... that I you but . not knew she out ugly sad
10871
, , . really weird place I was driving home from work thought I'd stop in for an oil change and well there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze
, from oil . and change , at breeze I home jiffy driving uniforms there for really drinking weird few a lube thought a stopped the beers I place shooting would table and in being be work sitting in the guys well
10872
" " , . The neon lighting sign still said on yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they'd be open tomorrow
I the yet guy open on bunch bunch the who to neon tomorrow would lighting oldest of saying some being drunkest like sign being seemed the more the they , . of still " the told "
10875
" " ..... grey shirt mark of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someonelses clothing
this shirt ..... " he mark clothing " of wearing else someon course types being s with have could grey behavior
10877
( , ), , . While there wasn't too much available for their age ball pit bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter weekday and ended up being the only ones there so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there
much pyramid climb weekday would being winter a being ended up padded , at not 10 a and to ) having area bouncy ones when ( if than little so we a more . given only on and pit we , little there they opened ball right others we been while available liberty for there age they have being there too the am going , on
10878
, . It's not the classiest place but it was cleaner than I expected and the staff was very friendly
classiest expected but I staff not and . , being being friendly than the place being it it very the cleaner
10885
. I cannot say enough about this place
. say this enough not can place about I
10892
, - , . This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant which also must be wonderful so just ask for what you need and I'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable
best which . doing needs wonderful this groups being hosts busy being of will they they , must being also a to and you they so running ask restaurants just what also being I , hospitable for sure a - being
10913
. If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair don't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else
somewhere and that upscale needs else and of affair you for town looking being not stay if doing in being I but pictures little more . kind book says a you space fool you the here lets if
10919
. Alot
lot . a
10920
. The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen
have . trees i the seeing finest ever Christmas
10924
. I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animals
animals and . friendly of all the liked s the I love atmosphere especially owners eco
10927
, , . It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owners advice I invested vanguard got myself a woman like Jerry and became a republican
it and became owners my the chest advice Jerry invested vanguard on a and to like a put I s hair , got myself . republican thanks , woman
10930
, , !! I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I've always gone to the Pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown but when i tried this pho place it blew the other pho houses away
went I in , eating other south even pho pho it this the tried being other pho places but , in and the when off entire the houses have !! and to my boulevard pho i one the life place always almost I away and blew chinatown philly for have
10933
. remember to bring cash since they don't take debit or credit
take or bring since remember cash debit not doing credit to they .
10936
... . I'm not interested in shopping in a place with people like her she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they had made a mistake
refused at even items she a its to she having . ... shopping in with peoples a I I admitting being mistake interested after like place they the make in not sell price marked
10937
, , , , - . I normally don't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished upscale place to shop this one won't be getting my business nor my family's nor my co workers
doing one my not business place . this normally a reviews nor to 's my will but Dillards that considered write shop , family I seeing upscale my distinguished I , getting co-workers not being , , nor
10938
, . It's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy especially when they are right
being when being let , right it customer never ok especially they a to walk unhappy . out
10944
, . She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member's suicide coupled with elder abuse
through she 's members , with coupled period very elder a suicide difficult a family with dealing abuse . I guided
10947
. They won't have a second chance from me
. second I they will from have not a chance
10948
, , , ( , , ). First let me state that although I live in NYC I am not from NYC I don't care about baseball and I absolutely love Boston to death so beautiful so clean so awesome
so so NYC I clean beautiful Boston I , doing care that been from to , I lets , in I , and love awesome ) lived baseball ( . NYC although not about so not , absolutely first death I state
10950
( ) . The service was just about as good as I'd get in NYC that means it was poor and the food was almost mediocre
just being better being get and poor ( as the ) in NYC I as services being it . means about the would food almost mediocre that
10953
/ / , , , . When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6 4 11 I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager Gustavo Guerra in a very friendly and professional manner
. manner at the to , in a , Gustavo and Guerra arrived 6/4/11 Honda attended sales Brickell very , and on friendly by I greeted I when being professional manager
10956
" , ." He told me no problem we will match the offer or do better
" problems match no , we told . or " I will the better doing he offer
10957
. . Mr Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems
any Guerra hassles without problems of a nor better I deal types any gave . Mr.
10959
. !!! I urge all St Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus
come south Florida residents I and Gus parishioners Thomas the see Apostle urge all to all of !!! St.
10969
. Dr Shady
Dr. Shady
10971
" . " . Dr Shady is a jerk
Dr. " . Shady " being a jerk
10973
. . Good luck keeping business with that stuck up attitude Dr Shady
that attitude Shady up stuck Dr. better with keeping luck business .
10976
. . Dr Shady is inexperienced and prideful
Dr. . Shady being prideful inexperienced and
10981
/ . . I did not have a good experience w Dr Ghassemlou
experience Dr. / I better doing . w a have not Ghassemlou
10982
, , . During the session he demanded to have my physical address which I've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program
enrolled , been kept program the witness have to session my I in a physical which address private have . as I during always demanded , he protection
10985
. I think he could've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts
giving I have my more I to facts concerns thought assuage he could concrete done by .
10987
. It's pretty combative actually
actually pretty combative . being it
10988
you'll love it
will you love it
10990
. I wish that I hadn't done this
I done that wish not this having . I
10991
, , . With these fusions chiropractric isn't as successful but it still is very helpful
, , it still . with not these fusions being chiropractric as but helpful successful being very
10992
, , . Even after my fusions my back continued to hurt but now it doesn't hurt any more
, more it even my does hurt hurt my but , back . not fusions after to any continued now
10993
, . . I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery to talk about different treatment options first with Dr de Barros
would Dr. of different being , de options Barros encourage surgery . back I first anyone to talked about treatment thinking who with
10995
, . You can see different treatments that a surgeon can't see so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do
can have see before decide can different that a to see . treatments options that several what treatment surgeon you not can , doing you you so
10998
( )! I cannot tell you how often I am complimented on my hair style AND color
can ! ) and told often style I hair colors complimented been my how ( not you on I
10999
" ... !!!" I regularly request Kim's business cards as I am often stopped on the street and asked Who does your hair I LOVE it
I stopped !!! hair does Kim I often who on I regularly " ... been cards you asked street " 's the request as business and love it
11003
!!! I cannot recommend this salon enough
recommend !!! not salon this enough I can
11008
, , . If you cannot park in the lot then you can park in the shopping center's garage and walk up to Endo Sushi
center in , in 's to up . the and the you Endo can Sushi then , lot parking shopping can not if you garage walk parking
11011
( , ) it's by the door on the hostess stand
on ) being , doors ( it by hostess the stand the
11020
. I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband's funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me
. they I my I recommended late as Fancy funeral being to used Flowers for flowers having 's husband
11026
, ( " " ) - . I'm 22 and my hairdresser was great and not old like one of the reviews says she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to
I " reviews saying I ( - one , to really hairdresser old being tips look . wanted gave and the she way being ) my " it could what on like style to I of hair how the listened and wanted so and to tons to get my of not I great it 22 I
11028
. She recommended products but absolutely didn't pressure me to buy
pressure she . to products not doing but recommended buy absolutely I
11029
, - . It's a cute place with a really friendly laid back atmosphere
cute it really - a with place a atmosphere friendly being . laid back ,
11032
$ , . And students get 5 off can't argue with that
not that argue $ . get , with can 5 off students and
11033
Smokers Haven
haven s smokers
11037
- !!! And non smokers beware
and non-smokers beware !!!
11041
. You cannot walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night
right not walk and all . day smoke without it windows smelling that 5 disgusting cigarette feet into you all night can blows the and
11043
. I used to go here almost everyday since I work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches
and every to used neighbourhood I . go here sandwiches they meatball almost loved in turkey the day since and I working
11046
, ($ -$ ) . For the quality the prices 4 6 have to be the best in town
having , ) for in $ being 4 the . quality to - $ best ( the town prices the 6
11049
, . This isn'ta TGIF or Cafe its a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that
it a not one being Cafe , that better and TGIF place at or sandwich a a being lunch . this
11052
, ! It's a bloody church for chrisssake
church it ! chrisssake , bloody a being for
11058
, , . It's historical for Sf so when your aunte comes for a visit take her there
you for when comes aunte visit , Sf a , take so for being she it . historical there
11059
- ( !). Great for the kiddies they love the labyrinth don't forget to tell 'em its really a 'pagen' thing
they the forget labyrinth a doing kiddies ( not really ' thing the ! to great 'em . it pagen for being ' ) - told love
11060
! Stop by at least once or you'll go to heck
by you least stop will ! to once at go heck or
11063
. i'ma red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won
i that the fan red being phillies glad being sox a i . won so
11066
but sice we almost just slept there i cant give that good of a review
a of slept i almost review there can but better not giving sice we just that
11070
. I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10am to make the repair
arrived on repair 10 the Dan to at making great saying I . am time and
11076
. I wouldn't send my dogs there
dogs . send my would I there not
11078
. She basically said if the children getting off the bus aren't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets
paying they bus the being if to going saying let enter not she the building . streets the she to getting children being basically she wander off around
11080
, , ...... / ? With all the child predators out there a busy road cars speeding by and you are going to let some 4 5 year olds wonder around cause you're money hungry
4 a being going with road speeding there ...... out wonder to the let hungry around olds and money cause predators 5 busy cars by being child all ? some you you years / , ,
11089
! I didn't even buy the bag there
there buy I ! doing not even bag the
11090
, . Huge selection and great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they don't have what you need
the you places they staff suggestions reliable to needs selection from doing huge and and not refer you great have what . if they ,
11100
. Hopefully they spice things up or they wont be in business long
spice long hopefully they . not they things or in up will being business
11104
. Don't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides
of doing other the you know peas where purple can and sides not . hull find else some
11105
: * * * * , . Cons Server wasn't very pleasant Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish Overcooked food Time took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating
25 food * from . cons overcooked ordering * pleasant on took time , * very * minutes server the not : to pretty blackened portion eating catfish small about being
11109
, .... . Their Club sandwich looks tasty maybe that'll change my mind and a different server
mind and looks a different club changed my sandwich will maybe . tasty server , they .... that
11118
. !!! This insurance co Is a joke
joke !!! a this insurance co. being
11120
, . if you don't mind being robbed cheated or lied to then this is the company for you
you company mind , this being . cheated being doing the to or you robbed for lied if then not
11125
%# @%$ !!! Ifa is an acronym for Im a F king Assh e
a f%#king assh@%$e !!! acronym a for being being Ifa I
11135
, . , . The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff esp Edwin are just wonderful
just esp. from and , management , Janice Edwin the . the work being to staff Julie wonderful
11139
, , . The apartments are within walking distance to Trader Joe's Whole Foods and other stores
's Whole to Foods within walking . being Joe distance apartments , stores Trader the other and ,
11143
... % " ... ... ". Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys all I get is 100 sales pitch We're the best we're number 50 so we must be doing something right look at all these certificates that say we're great
something . numbers Liberty at sales these all right all that pitch we two the look must we and up best get certificates great being being " being construction ... so being % 50 shows it ... says I " being we guys doing ... 100 being we
11146
. I'm glad I trusted my gut and didn't get sucked into doing business with them
sucked doing I I gut with business . got doing being into and my they not glad trusted
11148
! Don't waste your time or money
or you doing waste time not money !
11152
. If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of £30 for 2 two people then go for it
really . then willing for being to peoples for £ part you shell out if it and something 2 for pass 30 to the go two being of desperate the best time
11153
( - !) For some reason itwill not let me rate it one star it is not rated 5 by me
I - ) being ( stars it will by it one not some let ! it reason 5 I not for rated rate
11166
( ) . Very affordable don't call it cheap and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work
not . and and call it affordable courteous being I got from ) trimmers ( home cheap do when they quick very work
11168
. Dr Mann killed our pet
Dr. pet we Mann killed
11171
- . . We live in the sub division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets goto Dr Mann for surgical procedures and came back dead
this pets dead the gatherings corner neighborhood we in alone the came happened and after sub-division Mann . to at and around Dr. brought from back have peoples it discovered that lived surgical several neighborhood up and we some we go it procedures for
11173
, ($ ) $ . Oh they also charged me for the procedure 250 AND had the audacity to charge me a 25 'DISPOSAL' fee
for charge ' charged they audacity ) a the and , . disposal ' I 250 I also to procedure ( have oh $ fee 25 $ the
11179
( ) , . i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady who claimed to be a manager said my food was on the way and she didnt offer to compensate me in any kind of way
lady claimed the and a ) back on and later food doing , she of any kind . two hours the ( to call my manager not saying up way way i being compensate in to to I being offer have there who
11189
( , .) These new car keys are EXPENSIVE to copy you can't just go to WalMart
can being just . not to expensive keys new , to ( you go copy ) these cars WalMart
11194
. We were told that we couldn't today because they were closing soon
that being not closing todays they because told . could being we soon we
11200
, . At one point they told me the dog had been fixed the next day it hadn't
they fixed having the at told . the next I point it being dogs not , one day have
11204
! You have to bring in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you dont then you can graduate
then you you having models having to ! you for can if to they in graduate use not they paying bring own you and to you does
11205
. Going back after graduating your told you get a discount on services nope you dont
not being you a graduating going you you nope on get told discount does . services back after
11212
, , , . They offer sales that aren't really sales mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't a bad attitude about return items and on and on
being items sound a offer being that sales mislabeled a that and not . they the , on make not items and attitude , return really items bad about better it when like sales , deal on
11214
, . So don't get taken in keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here
so get shop you in you open choose . not eyes keep doing to , here if taken
11217
, , . Don't go here unless you want to sit order eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes
. a go being in unless minutes to of asked all here sit matter not to you leaving want order and , eat 20 doing ,
11218
. You won't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table
will menu asked being time asked to even at time you you you before will order server and if the table wait to . have for read the entire not more
11233
, . I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates they weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable
found they very a cheapest area estimates . to few but different being businesses I reasonable called get in the , not the I
11238
. Best money I've spent on remodeling ever
I on ever best . spent money have remodeling
11245
- - . I purchased a 2 year old certified pre owned BMW from this dealership
old from years I pre-owned BMW - dealership this certified purchased a . 2
11248
). Very likely it needs a new window seal
window a new likely seal it . ) very needs
11250
( .) But this is a certified car from a dealer
this being ( a . cars dealer ) but a certified from
11262
, . . My dental surgeon Dr Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established
, Lucy established and both clearly being the my and a dental does of having Dr. work proud surgeon the she clearly . she Nichols perfectionist reputation dental
11263
..... Everyone was so helpful that I cannot wait to go back
wait so back helpful everyone I that to go ..... not can being
11266
, . I had my wedding luncheon at this BJs restaurant and it was one of the best choices that I made
and . choices best my restaurant that one have the at luncheon it I , wedding BJ this being make I s of
11271
. I really appreciate BJs for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service
for that even day special services wonderful . and food appreciate with they making really BJ s I better
11281
!!!! It wasn't completly impossible
not impossible completly !!!! being it
11283
, , , . After recently relocating to South Bend we were looking for a delicious fun yet elegant establishment for New Years Eve dinner
to for looking a South s , relocating yet dinner establishment recently , after Year elegant being for New we fun delicious , Eve Bend .
11288
. This was a less than impressive experience at Trio's
than 's . a being Trio this impressive at less experience
11289
... ! Run for the hills you'll be much better off
the hills off being will ! much ... for you better run
11292
, , . I was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould
rough the . mould of the and s , were moved other room the to with shower bathroom room I the , being being dirty where and being peoples dirty been seat the another peeling in back around hair it full toilet then
11294
. To warn you to stay away from this place just isn't enough
just stay from place . away to to this warn enough not you being
11305
? Billing takes 15 minutes and backoffice jobs takes 1 day's training How fast your support queries get answered
billing 's ? support you day got queries training takes 15 fast back 1 minutes answered and jobs takes office how
11308
!!! Can't wait to go back
!!! not back go to can wait
11309
& ! This is by far the BEST B B that we have ever stayed at
! ever the best being we at b&b that have far this stayed by
11314
& ... , . , ! We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great B B especially my 4 year old who made friends with Ms Sue and all the ladies and has talked about them since we left
to especially and , Sue since ... with to this friends the back ! old having , they Santa b&b about talked my Fe can and years ladies great Ms. make go wait all to we not who and we 4 left
11317
& , $ . A E came out charged 129 fee just to walk in the door
fee A&E just came 129 in the $ charged walk out to . doors ,
11319
$ ( & ) ( & ). The second vendor charged 55 less than half of what A E charges to come and applied that to the price of the repair service which A E does not
the repair to 55 services charged vendor charged applied to ( which ) what and that price ( A&E come the half second less not of of does . the than ) A&E $
11320
& . Their quote came in at half the price of A E for the same work and same part
they came A&E half price for same at work in of and . part quote same the the
11321
& ! Seems to me like A E charges way more than necessary
A&E than way more necessary I seems ! charged to like
11322
, - , ! Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well I thought that they pre screened their vendors for price and quality of work obviously they do not
quality obviously for does Kitchen they work , ! as I vendors they disappointed in of pre-screened that Aid very and not well they thought , price
11323
. , Lovely Nails on Cayuga St in Lewiston NY
, on St. Cayuga Lewiston NY in Lovely Nails
11337
, . The office is shared with a foot doctor and it's very sterile and medical feeling which I liked
office sterile and the . being shared which I with it foot doctors , very being liked and feeling a medical
11341
, / . I know it can take awhile for results and didn't expect a miracle but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost time
2 a , months the can it worth it while miracle I and feel cost being but a time take for not entirely I doing knew / like expect results . after not
11342
( ...) I am also a little suspicious of all these glowing reviews
also a ... little ( I glowing ) reviews these been suspicious of all
11346
: ; . A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9 30am yummy fresh Parisian croissants
included fresh which every yummy parisian being a 9:30 morning am until . breakfast great croissants ;
11347
, , ! Comfortable and clean beds a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out but we didn't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out
and a night beds when coming as being late a bit in coming comfortable just out from ! out , in a peoples noisy not mind also doing we night from too being clean but much , we
11355
, , ( ). The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our cars problems he explained the problem and was very up front and honest it was towed to the workshop as the gearbox was not working he explained it better
place the he up sorted problems to . out being ) it gearbox not honest and the workshop towed better came the explained being front and to very working as we s the it he we , and problems explained ( mechanic being cars ,
11357
... . Now my cars gears and brakes have never run so well ever its like driving a new car
ran my gears well have new driving ... now it . ever s never so like cars being and brakes cars a
11358
, , . So yes I wouldn't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs Thank you Just Autos for your help
for team Just the in so you help hesitate not at recommending thank repairs cars for Just you would , . Autos easy I yes Autos professional ,
11363
& , , , & , , & ! After my sampler sandwich I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout I must say I was impressed with the great taste I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me I think this is better its less dry smoother
coming being a the impressed from it I my smoother , of being I ! with sandwich I dry being after say & great , & Stout so , sampler pint Nitrogen , for , lover must better I I asked I thought & been Guiness this there a taste Love less
11366
!!!!! I left with a case of BRAWLER
of with left I a ! BRAWLER case !!!!
11371
( ) . There could have hopefully doesn't have major damage to the engine
engine major does there the could hopefully ) have have . not damage to (
11373
. Once they realized their mistake they sent a mechanic and tow truck to my wife's work and towed it back to fix it
it work wives they . tow sent to my 's back truck a and realized it mechanic towed to fix they and once they mistake
11386
( ), . They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan a seperate issue but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms
. also but wrong ( a not when the claimed I blower fan drove ) home I seperate with cars same they the , have to issue the see anything symptoms
11392
. I'm sure its not everyday that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time
sees family director the such in it a same a short time funeral being day I . every sure being that not
11398
, . If you like the drama described in popular sitcom 'Seinfeld' you will see it here
the here described you like Seinfeld drama if sitcom ' it in ' , you . popular will see
11399
: . We signed our name in about 6 00pm
we signed in . about 6:00 name we pm
11402
, . This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant “no reservation sign your name here”
by " . the sign restaurants sign , you " in this reservation policy being here no posted name
11408
-- " ." January 15th We were signed up for Saturday's 2 PM class Beginning Yoga with Brittany
with 2 's we January Saturday beginning pm signed yoga being . class -- " " 15th Brittany for up
11411
: . We waited until 2 25 PM and then left
we then waited and . 2:25 until pm left
11413
, . Well not much I can say except I'm very disappointed with this experience
I I . well disappointed being , not very except with can much say this experience
11416
, As a yoga studio I'm sure you're all aware that all actions generate karma …
you I that being . sure studio all karma as all yoga generate , aware being actions a
11424
. , , , . I understand not wanting to put labels like 5 10 on an indoor course because yes it is not the same but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve
not put a course 5.10 improve , being labels same clear I , of you yes climber intermediate being one of but not indoor to a being because nicest wanting , another looking . course some to when it the difficulty to understanding on understand like the
11425
, . I don't want to waste my time on routes set for children but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion
time I not on to take but strain children I . handle to , my want on something doing want routes not I doing set just waste for to not can exhaustion to myself
11435
, . They may look young but don't let that fool you as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected
you music knowledge youngest , that they not surpassed far we . expected they may let of look fool do as what but
11437
. So we didn't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night
that they to of know night the expect not some doing asked we requests we that . so even
11440
. I'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life
I entire 61 dental having life my problems and years being . old
11451
. , Rocky M Lange Retired Coordinator Clark County School District
coordinator M. County District , Lange Clark School retired Rocky
11453
, ! not only is this place too expensive for what it is its horrible
being ! only , being this it not it too expensive for place horrible what being
11454
, ( !), . In the past I got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak and this was the sirloin the sides were drenched with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side
and sirloin been this ) . the , there sides on with little steaks rough brown pieces more the ( steaks the a got , and a and there fat and being drenched side being better past been being I salad the the than butter in !
11456
. ! It took over 1 5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it
by ! hours took over come 1.5 food old it for month and that time it have out we to 8 my
11465
. You'd think they would do a good job but they don't care unless they are getting paid full price
getting job a think . doing better not they paid doing you would would but full care price they they unless being
11471
$ . . Then I got a bill for 483 00
. $ I got 483.00 for bills then a
11472
" ". The doctor's office said that payments had been reversed
" doctors being 's the payments having . reversed saying office " that
11476
, $ . . I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of 160 00 has come through
just the to agency reversal even already the of paying balance I being , the to 160.00 say doctors another eventually decided come trying through collection paid having but being now though . having $
11496
. I paid 2k cash for a truck with a blown motor
2 k cash for I truck blown a motor with paid a .
11497
" ". Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck
and the they called " nothing mechanicly " truck there better so being this mechanic with wrong engine saying being .
11505
. Buy your kids somethin nice with my 2k bucks
2 bucks . kids somethin you k buy my nicest with
11508
. It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell's
right the of being it on nestled Subway but might 's Sandwiches in Wisconsin it and being hustle as bustle Ave . between miss and some Modell it
11510
. It's an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery goodness
filled being little store stationery goodness it a . with of lots adorable
11512
" !" . I gave the woman I spoke with today a You've been yelped card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna
helping " tool a spreading being Yelp about todays know spoke better may " a that let for have to you ! Papeluna I gave I card word yelp the being woman . the with she
11520
- . The craziest part is that they aren't even based locally at the city I'm in they just have 'teams' in areas through the country
in that the just being being even . craziest areas locally part in at teams - not having being city through ' based the I the they ' country they
11521
. I've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them
Outback openly I entertainment to vendors they that who they admitted quote even and market well feel have and being the to say against Canadian used they afraid . they out pricing nothing company as being have fact the to about helped they spoken they business doing better though to than who in by they events hurt being of more
11522
- . Be warned they'll ltake you for everything they can
- everything will can warned . for you they they ltake been
11526
, , , , , , . With a Pizza Hut IHOP 3 Starbucks Chilis Panera and Chipotle on campus ALONE VCU has some of the best eating options for students
having s Chipotle Starbucks VCU alone . options 3 a IHOP Pizza Hut some the students and , with eating , best of , , Panera campus , Chili for , on
11533
! Orr's a nightmare
Orr ! being a nightmare
11534
! DON'T GO
! not doing go
11535
: . My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1 00 am and were drinking at the springs
night having up campsite 1:00 middle of the drinking drunken the my at and I we who being at being kids . by around in boyfriend am arrived the and springs woken
11536
( ), ! When we complained to the management as we were instructed to do if there were any problems nothing happened
any , to when being do there nothing the ) if happened we we ! management to ( were complained as instructed problems
11539
, , . Orr is not relaxing it's not a safe space and the owner is awful
not safe a being the awful . Orr , owners space it not being , and being relaxing
11541
! Don't go
do not ! go
11544
-- , ; , - ( ). We had relatively good facilities at the time decent science labs with multiple hoods and access to good equipment nice gymnasiums and a well funded music department I was in the guitar ensemble
and hoods ensemble at being department a guitar music decent we in ) , nicest gymnasiums with funded - to have , better ( equipment relatively the better science multiple and the I access facilities ; -- labs well . time
11545
, , , . Now of course there's a new building with presumably better facilities
new facilities , . presumably building course a being , , with of there better now
11547
, , . , , , , , , , . If I remember students went to Dartmouth U Penn Duke BU William and Mary Vassar Howard and Carnegie Mellon among others
remember Duke to Mellon and BU Mary . U. among I , Carnegie Dartmouth if Penn , William , , going , , and , Vassar others students , Howard ,
11551
, ... ! I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at
best I being and years to bigger this experiences of having and stayed the running lodging stayed ever even the it to two fabulous being at I at I have have motel resorts have I little have the coast it ... say I one on comparing ! ,
11554
( ) , . There's a restaurant nearby walking distance with a great breakfast and a market across the street
restaurants ( market a great and walking with distance nearby . street ) across there breakfast , a the being a
11555
, , ! ;-) The motel is very well maintained and the managers are so accomodating it's kind of like visiting family each year
years being managers , accomodating so the visiting like ! the and kind motel very being each ;-) , well of family it maintained being
11556
... ! I honestly can't rave enough about this place it's really a hidden gem worth checking out
honestly place enough being I hidden checking worth ... this not a really it can about rave out ! gem
11559
, ... , . I love Cuban coffee colada mmmm anyways I found this place and can't stop going there I stop in at least once a week and anytime I'm in the area for a Cuban coffee or snack
anyways least I being mmmm place a there once stop found cuban and cuban area , going , for I a the not coffee or this at colada week snack stopped in I in coffee anytime . can ... love and I
11561
. They don't speak the best English but enough to get by
. not enough English they best get to speak the doing by but
11562
, , . They bake bread fresh daily they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it and the meat is always fresh
doing meat they it and fresh like the bread not , way they the sandwiches , which . bake they daily always being press I being fresh
11565
. I cannot describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for
how pastries and cheese I the to mango die omelets and . for being not describe delicious the can
11566
. Stop in and have a bite you won't regret it
you . and will regret it having a in not stop bite
11570
, ( ) ( )... I've read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes like any other doctors office there is sometimes a wait depending on what other patients are being seen for and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance
and and what likes just depending s wait being other of medical yes insurance not being elsewhere seeing would like the of being ) would ( tests state tests they a you doing be reviews can have that office ) there I for costly to that procedures below ... other sometimes other being ran for being any some the some and , any on ( doctors if like patients have read
11572
( ) . I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us the patient and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you
anything tests they the they interests being probably speak decline ) not appointments to the suggest you ( recommend for and of they in I best but patients can ability to that the you any having or we .
11573
... . I personally have had wonderful service and if youre truely looking for a FAMILY practice Warner Family is the place for you
place the personally a practice have Warner being ... if truely and family you being for . looking have I you Family services wonderful for
11575
.. ! We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes but to our dismay it didnt turn out that way
but the dismay have that hopes read we and ! better we way going out high doing reviews it to turn .. not before
11576
... , . Very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service hmm There was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyones attention
wondering , we complained s we about that that to anyone that the we once to restaurants we chairs something or being the attention renowned there ... occupied for but get and amuse to it having a . no and to very we round doing frustrating impossible for keeping 1 took hmm took services out rosette been being nibble canape' and getting on supposedly they wait
11579
. Wouldn't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper
back better a and as be cheaper would . of lot go a places not there lot
11584
, ( ), . They always ask if you have meat in your dish for vegetarians like me they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook
a cook like you to of ) in they , meat scrub ( utensils and dish for if vegetarians asked you . they I area separate always having use the , grill
11585
, . They don't just dump your ingredients on and cook either but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush
the dump the meat . just veggies separate doing either still parts from not mush to they and the but turning hotter and ingredients to carefully you on to grill manage keeping cook , of
11589
, ( . ) , . Prices are reasonable Kids meals are around 4 99 and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices I believe
4.99 discount and believe meals s I being around prices reasonable kids , . they ) Wednesday's having prices ( being , dinner
11591
- , , . It was my birthday and I had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre made in a convenience store but the problem was it was the day before Valentines and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake Fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake
a of day making plate Valentine being s it , to the and down minute have being many idea fantastic turned been rectangle to but cake lasted I convenience up plain I stepped cake bakery vanilla to being instead and one the when cake have beautiful a able the in a bakery and pre-make . problems it a my before store Fiona birthday , for a
11592
, ! Although I'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there I'll gladly do it knowing that since she's been astounding to me once before that she'll always be that way
astounding being I that ! it will there go she way to once she of gladly being being that drive that before to will I since to will way a little doing , I although always have my out knowing
11594
, !) And we bought a few cookies there too they were fantastic as well
a we they cookies , there ) being as well too bought ! fantastic and few
11599
( %) . I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving about 50 and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment
about decrease ) food % 50 in 1st ( I decrease experienced treatment in stress and after . a the craving definite
11602
. Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend's aunt recommended it
's needles bigger and only it I came boyfriend baby . being my about before acupuncture to because doctors aunt recommended coming a
11604
. . What I like most about Dr Liau is that she is very caring
caring like Liau being that Dr. being most she . I very about what
11607
. . I am SO GLAD to have found Dr Liau
so glad been have . to found Dr. Liau I
11615
, . There's plenty of parking and I've never had an issue with audience members who won't stop talking or answering their cellphones
parking and have issue a . answering they who I with members will cellphones not being or audience never have talking stopped , there of plenty
11616
, !!!!! Best of all there are no ads
best all there of !!!! , ads be no !
11627
. I bought a beginners quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts
quilling crafts the making forms and filigree like and other a I making you to beginners s set bought can . adds
11636
/ / Barbara Quimba 1 30 10
Quimba Barbara 1/30/10
11642
, " !" We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying was I gotta have it
got and I " saying to ! been kept I test drove over and and falled I have up I we heels Craig talking , all it ta for this got " he head cars with I set gotten
11643
. I thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me and now I couldnt be happier
of being happier worked not I out range thouhgt . with but my could price they would it really I now I and being
11647
, ... " " " " ( ). Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago before I ripped out 350sqft of ceramic tile was told I would need a dual head concrete grinder to remove thinset and make a nice finished look ready for concrete stain
, ) making 2 stain concrete concrete tile nicest head would Bonanza before told to " dual remove finished a weeks 350 " grinder I for ... looked a ripped of ( sq and the ready out ago " being need fts . thinset store I ceramic " called
11649
, . No problem sounded like it's done every day
every day sounded problems no being doing . like , it
11651
, , $ $ . Got the tile ripped out call today now all the sudden this grinder won't leave a finished look AND it's 125 PLUS around 75 for the inserts
this out ripped call $ $ 125 plus , inserts looked , and a the . all for 75 around sudden will todays finished leaving got grinder the not tile the it now being
11655
? I feel like they didn't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price
I 5 before I not the price out pitfalls options this I and now other told having that doing they ? like times the feel pulled no tile they want I
11656
, - . Either these people don't know anything about what they are renting or worse they are bait and switching
worse being doing being know what and - these switching they bait or renting . anything not , either about they peoples
11658
, , . Outside of parking being at a premium especially on discount days The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I've been in
smaller days Tub I , dozen . no a , filthy in at the premium being being a discount Laundry on laundromats of have being any and not outside especially being parking than it of
11659
, , . Yes there are bigger but bigger isn't necessarily better
yes bigger , being necessarily not there bigger . be but better ,
11660
, , ( , ). I availed myself of the wash 'n fold service taking just about a year's worth of dirty clothes in and getting back neatly folded clean clothes in clear plastic bags I'd originally brought them in in six large yellow garbage bags
years yellow six ) in , , worth garbage in clear the myself and fold of bags availed brought larger taking clothes back of originally I I in wash 's ( a services bags in plastic . clothes they , having clean dirty getting folded just neatly about 'n
11662
. Didn't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit
by know name on they I my greeted doing then visit any not that my third second and hurt warmly and my visit .
11663
" ?" , " ," , " ." Whereas my answer to the question Where do you get your laundry done used to be At the checkout line at WalMart I can honestly say the answer now is At The Laundry Tub
to " being laundry line to being , doing the can " " Laundry at honestly I say get answer " question now ? used checkout at " Tub , " whereas where you , answer the the . WalMart you my done at the
11669
, . In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE Not the kind of want to make cash
this such to being care wonderful want the not cash find it day making rare of , to in who kind peoples .
11673
. Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and I are treated
I taking fact look my being and forward animals how treated my I of simply to to the because vet animals in .
11674
, . Okay here's the scoop
. okay , here the scoop being
11675
. I'ma regular at the HH
the a regular HH being I at .
11677
... . I think they're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking not in any hurry
in still when not it I thought being from . around being ... they mindset sitting drinking any hurry and the smokers in only
11678
( ). In my experience the food has been excellent for the most part
having experience the ) . food for most excellent my part being ( the in
11679
, / - ( ) : . However the bartenders waitresses definately need to be re trained if they ever had any to begin with and learn two things only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting
impatiently : waitresses with however if to waiting to look learn and more re-trained have , being with needs if not ) any customers begin bartenders they things / and see ever peoples around customers other to waiting when only . often being ( the chat to definately two being
11680
, / . In some cases the result is because of understaffing in some cases the staff just doesn't care know better
result cases some being of cases . the in understaffing care better just does know some not in / because staff the ,
11681
- , . They must also get something to keep take out warm so it's not room temperature at best when you get it home
room get get they keeping . best also out must it something when temperature to take warm home you being - it not , so at
11682
. You just have to know what you're getting into when you go
getting just know what when into . to going having you you being you
11683
, ( ), . Nice local pub excellent food especially wings and don't go if you have a limited amount of time
a of limited ( nicest especially ) not wings excellent , local pub doing go and , if . time having amount you food
11695
: , ( ). The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise cheap and delicious the only thing we tried that I would say was well worth it and a great value and I never get vegetarian rolls
thing surprise ) I never : being that get sweet delicious being a . actually and and great worth ( , it the cheap the roll great I well valuing we and only a would say vegetarian potato tempura tried rolls
11696
, . The other rolls weren't at all special especially given their pricing
given rolls all . pricing they , being not especially the other at special
11697
- . The bottom line is that the food isn't great and is relatively high priced
the relatively high great priced that . the being being line being and food - not bottom
11699
. But I'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut
I prices . go but would the cut unless elsewhere being
11700
. It's just not worth it
being worth . just it not it
11701
Don't Expect Sleep or Courtesy
or sleep courtesy doing expect not
11703
: # , . At 3 15 am on night 2 the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room
# fire . and in , 3:15 the room 2 my night strobe alarm am light activated at on
11708
, ( ?). The desk agent actually argued with me claiming that no such alarm had gone off as if I would make that up
actually making that I I claiming if argued went with ? the that . would up no having alarm desk agent such ( as off , )
11709
, ( ). He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded so only 4 guests were effected no big deal to him
admitted sounded so no to he 4 the being finally deal ) room bigger ada only ( he . guests , alarms 4 having only effected that
11714
. , - , . I began seeing Dr Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care patient doctor communication and just the overall level of services
communication I Romanick back seeing , . seeing 2000 decline have just - began quality , care and and overall of the in of the patients services in significant doctors a Dr. level
11716
, ( , ). It took them nearly two months to complete a simple task and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion not that it's a requirement for the job but it helps to at least pretend to be helpful
least being helpful and of , lack passion it from job two they , response complete . being to pretend it a and took they countless to helps that requirement calls a months ) my to ( due to it not nearly for at simple but part the task
11717
, , , . , . Also I was promised to have my test results emailed to me but it never happened and after a few attempts to get Dr Romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition I finally gave up and went to a different doctor
were to never I but to test different going Dr. my happened condition a I the finally my gave . on have and doctors it I on to phone a , , few brief up and get to attempts results , , to emailed I promised after Romanick also
11718
, , . Please do not go there if it's professional friendly diligent medical services you're looking for
medical , not go diligent for professional doing being friendly it services if you there please being . looking ,
11726
( - ). I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track from 2pm 8pm
) and pm track hours out 2 took 3 2 from to 8 apartment strong 6 I load moving for pm . from ( were it guys a - bdr
11727
, , . The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 I should admit nothing was broken
. should nothing the being 2 only reason or admit , I broken of , instead 1 I giving 3 stars being
11729
, . One more thing they don't take any credit cards or checks
more any they cards . one not checks , credit doing or thing take
11735
: , - - . The pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11 45 yelling playing music and do who knows what in the dark corners of the pool
down being there and peoples - to pool , 10 yelling close the does have supposed at who what until dark 11:45 of corners pool - they knows music in the would . the and playing
11736
, , , ( ) ( , ). Then when we moved out we cleaned the apartment top to bottom they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees and we never got our deposit back and past utilities that were already paid we have check numbers and records of this
moved , top records we came and , having that being the deposit paid , we and for past charge utilities never then we fees when we out ( got cleaned tried we back ) they ( check already of and , back we and to apartment to numbers bottom cleaning . ) two this
11741
, , . He was referred to me by a friend who didn't have the best experience with Ted but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end
but who the , I making at Ted referred lack Ted . up he for a that being being by end to experience preparedness not of saying he the doing best able have , friend with to
11743
, $ . ( ) , . However after giving a required 500 00 NON REFUNDABLE deposit before seeing any plans or ideas I was sorry I did
( I or 500.00 however before a sorry refundable required being non seeing ideas , , done $ ) any planning deposit after I giving .
11750
.... ... Please everyone take heed and don't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget
working take and doing and budget please everyone heed caught not in get with YOU hype ... every the up about .... DECOR
11754
, : " , , ." When we walked in the person behind desk said oh well you must wait I am in the middle of something
must , . wait desk , you of when person the in we middle , oh : been in something I the walked " " well saying behind
11755
, : " ?" After a good few minutes he asked what do you want
better after : ? minutes you " few want he a , " asked doing what
11758
" , $ !" He immediately said no there is a 50 deposit now
being saying there 50 " now " a immediately he ! deposit , $ no
11760
" ." When I inquired he rudely replied in the morning when things are checked out you'll get it back
. the when checked I in " he morning rudely you things will out when " get back it replied inquired being
11763
" ". He responded we have problem with 'people'
we ' ' responded with " peoples he problems having . "
11766
. He said he's had a long and bad day
and saying he a he long had bad being . day
11768
. Don't stay there
there doing stay . not
11775
. I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still wouldn't budge
Bodhi not they would a called few back hours my down and after I still putting they budge .
11779
, . In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathy this hotel did nothing
from the attached , this that done . emails sympathy letter one the vet expressed 's of hotels the they I nothing in
11793
, --- . I dunno how they did it but Scottish friends this is THE REAL DEAL
they friends know deal but I done the --- this scottish how , not real . being it doing
11795
, . That being said I don't know how their delivery service is
they I not , being services doing said that being how delivery . know
11798
/ / . We visited on 7 26 08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia's on Greenfield Ave
Mama certificate received on Greenfield for Mia visited we Ave on we 7/26/08 . a gift the for dinner 's
11800
, ( .) When it came time to pay the bill up front they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip which I have done with any other restaurant I've gotten a gift certificate for
of have bills , I I came let I have time tip use which ( not any for gotten certificate done gift other it paying the when the a . certificate ) front they up any would to a restaurants for with
11807
. I will not be visiting Mama Mia's again
Mia 's again Mama visiting . being will not I
11815
. ITS NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT
I a but because have take bigger being to my bring not . they home salad to it forgot deal it
11820
, . I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008 WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT
with s . 4th , on a my fly came BUFFALO also I JULY 2008 of being daughters out it there when wings
11821
, . THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS HE SAID WE CANT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING
doors manager because really . new he saying doing over a and he of wings we saying always and sorry and the closing , the being anything gave opening not came can batch being
11826
, . its like a pizza roll but they just toss ham and cheese inside
being but ham and like a , cheese just . it they inside pizza roll toss
11827
, . it seems like its healthier too but its prolly not
but being it not it like healthier too , it being . seems prolly
11828
, , , **. also you can call em ahead of time and then go to pick up ur food or have it delivered
pick time , and em call , have , go you food also it or to of then ur . delivered ** ahead up can
11829
, . that cuts down on teh wait time cus u can do other stuff while ur waiting
while cuts being u time cus doing . , u waiting can stuff that teh other on wait down
11830
, . it usually takes 20mins for a mezza luna as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix
to having , delicious pure . mezza the as they mix extract luna for a 20 takes mins to adds it usually
11831
, . their pizza was a little salty for me but its still good
being salty little , but pizza . a better it I still being for they
11836
. This was back between '05 and '09 and I don't remember how many times we've had it delivered
. delivered times this '09 how being not many and remember back doing it and we I '05 have have between
11837
, . Perhaps they don't deliver anymore but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup
pickup doing of luna a but anymore they deliver perhaps mezza certainly not the , a deliciousness warrants .
11838
- , . My 2004 x type was getting close to 100 000 miles so it was time for an upgrade
- upgrade time being 100,000 2004 types my to x so it being a miles close . for getting
11839
- . I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre owned 2009 XF
a to XF and I over 2009 pre-owned wives daughters . my out check sent
11846
- . 10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre owned 09 XF
paperwork XF I 09 10 minutes of of . owners pre-owned and beautiful a being the
11849
. That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3
from and being 3 . all hit and ask Michael that you really a Barrett dealer can all cars
11852
. Myself and my fiance's identity was stolen from the office staff
identity myself from being and office fiance my 's staff stolen the .
11858
. Thats how they were caught
being how caught they that being .
11867
, . If I found a spot I couldnt fit in it
a could found I . spot I fit in not , it if
11872
: , . It was 4 50 when a friend told me to call Bud he would take care of me
, of a I call care he when it 4:50 . Bud I to take would being told friend
11873
: , !. Not only did they answer the phone at 4 50 on a Thursday they hit the ground moving
moving , phone !. not Thursday they doing on only hit they a ground the the 4:50 at answers
11874
, , ( - ), . They tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it then they came out took off my tire it was a runflat but runflats don't do you any good if they blow out and brought it to their shop to change the tire
runflat it my down but the and out they doing not the better fited 330i if tire took then my a to minutes , to brought being they , changed blow tracked shop ( within it - only tire tire . it they runflat ) out they Murfreesboro in off and any that you came , secured doing BMW
11875
: . They were back quickly considering how far outside of Murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6 30 that evening
how way of we back we being Murfreesboro 6:30 far being and quickly they have considering we that . outside by on evening
11877
, , . It's without a doubt the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire
ever experience it Nashville in rear tire clear the for he , being best 's tire , putting have on as charged price to I my the services being same without being a have other guy I . the doubt the just and price
11883
, ( - ) , , . I have never considered this a real problem as I travel without kids and can fend for myself but when I had to listen to a non violent domestic fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my last stay and I found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel or just get over it
kids I being have . domestic and as , tax without hours when this to I get considered out another to , but my have my found can to lasted ( 5 I waste that choice hotels this payers money non-violent myself a desk by calling I front stayed just that real never during police for problems either travel it fend dispatch from , being lasted listen unmanned night a a the over 1 am for fight yet during ) to to am or and
11884
, , . I chose the later but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities not to mention the good nights sleep i paid for but didnt get
to s push about not policy authorities better later but the but local I they not get responsibilities front to approached the chose on . desk paid , i hotels over doing for night the sleep , mention the
11886
, . I will probably stay here again because its cheap and I cant afford a better hotel but do not look forward to it and would definitely not recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers
look . families not stay travellers definitely but I cheap better hotels afford do will it probably , to and recommend female I or being for a it not forward can and this hotels here again single because would not
11888
, " " " ". He preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying you do not order what you do not know about and you don't know how pizza is made
" while how grab yelling preceded it off doing into the and I not countertop at and slice he you doing the order you , not about know not . pizza being to " throw doing you the " know saying make what " trash
11892
- ( , ). I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that wasn't so well done actually burnt
( my it , that of not on ) slice simple so well he purpose actually thought because done . of burnt request - for done another being grandmas I
11895
* . That little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my ss
who little invented that *ss he can thinks pizza kiss my . man
11899
, : . I mean that's the way it works at amusement parks the longest lines are at the best rides
that the . at amusement being way it being parks mean longest I : best , the works at lines the rides
11903
, , . And don't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is and pardon my French a jerk
, a this asking . not jerk even doing to being pardon , because thinking the to about guy speak and manager my French and
11904
, , .. " ," . If you have gotten through ordering dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules you are finally presented with what you came for some tacos that are ok but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle
what came followed have the rules definitely " dumb some finally ordering that if presented rude tacos staff you with but you the you through you ok . " , with and dealing with up all , , being if putting not hassle worth gotten .. for being the
11918
. Cannot wait to go gain
wait . not go can to gain
11919
- . . R Morris
. Morris - R.
11920
. I think that there pretty good
that I being thought the pretty better .
11921
, . First of all if you call for an appointment they won't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one
one call can making if back you told call appointment you a . month , later you they not to so of will then all first for a
11922
" " . They also don't tell you that they're going to mail you an application to be admitted to be a patient
being that going you admitted they also a to told mail doing a being they " " to you not application . to patients being
11923
. I feel that the way some doctors offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two things in particlular
here not particlular that s bit so I absurd being around the these little guys a being doctors feel doing those two doing some way things that working . I offices in happy
11925
( :// . . / / - / - - / - - - / - . ). The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mothers father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that's a common misconception http www consumerreports org health healthy living beauty personal care hair loss 10 08 hair loss htm
. my being due ) baldness to a common on through but doctors ( being my being father male that misconception genes s line passed I exclusively told the pattern maternal mother doing that http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm the because
11929
. If you want miracles you'll have to go to 21st St
21st to you . St will if you want go have miracles to
11930
. It's a pretty typical primary care office but for the area it's very good
the a being but very office better typical for care pretty area it . primary being it
11931
. They don't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices
annoying being . offices other doing certain things really doing about that not they
11956
, , , ! It's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service amazing atmosphere and Incredible food but not break the bank while enjoying it
services atmosphere in bank a economy eat the nicest having not food that to we while place ! it even see that , it , incredible broken the amazing can and , being but enjoying upscale
11957
. Bottom line is that when it's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service
that like . can resturant being owners that services privatly told being in owned when the this it line they pride bottom employees and a being and take you product small
11960
, . I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just didn't seem cost effective anymore
. on prices and it my years having now dealership seem work at Jeep effective typically getting just doing done being but old anymore charged the , not 6 cost I dealership
11962
& . I had hear great things about Phet and G G Automotive so I decided to give him a try
I I giving so things great decided he and Phet a . heard Automotive try to about having G&G
11965
, . The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places plus he showed me the work he did when I came into pick up the car
I what other plus anticipated he pick to used and the done came price the he cars , up actually I being places when the work showed than in . to having lower compared I to
11977
. , , , . . , - . Well we have been working with Ulistic for 1 5 months and have 100 people following our site on Facebook and our web site www designofashion com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic which is significantly beating our expectations SEO is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional
. seeing time get a being web which , significantly , have following in being 1.5 well site for that we seo results expectations site a fold with , increase quickly www.designofashion.com , this peoples 100 and being beating 3 we Facebook having and we and to traffic Ulistic takes process we having working being - months on exceptional
11978
, . We are absolutely confident that Stuart's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow and our business will reap the rewards of this program
continue and reap rewards the this program . focused that business ethical see strategies grow 's we being and will to Stuart will confident absolutely of these we , trends
11982
, . The excellent windows have performed without any problems but that's not why I'm writing my review
windows excellent I performed being my have why any the being but without problems not review , . that writing
11986
! The window didn't break
doing broken ! window the not
11987
- , ( !). My next door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light thankfully scaring the two miscreants away they even left their hammer behind
turned and next behind away they my scaring on hammer noise doors thankfully even they neighbor heard light a ) ( ! - two left the miscreants . the ,
11988
- , ... . I called Home Excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window and was happily surprised when they said that they weren't even going to charge me for the replacement screen that it would be covered under their guarentee
to screen they window covered not screen I when they surprised replacement charge I replacement happily being and guarentee the under even order they were for for a it Excel the would , saying the Home that - ... . to that going being day next called
11989
, ( ) . Lo and behold they replaced the screen which had to be ordered yesterday and didn't charge me a dime
. being to the ) a which dime have lo they ( I and screen doing yesterday charge behold and ordered , replaced not
11992
, ! I rarely write reviews such as this one but they certainly deserve anyone's business
they 's certainly , such as I anyone this write but one deserve reviews ! rarely business
11996
, : ! Got put into the wrong room the first night and were quite surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at 1 00 am
put being get 1:00 quite the someone the in night trying the wrong have same room ! key the with am to into , first surprised to doors and got at room
12003
- " " , . A mid afternoon fire drill was disruptive putting everyone out of the hotel
out drills fire . being putting disruptive " " hotels the , a of everyone mid-afternoon
12011
, , . Essentially I told him I didn't trust him cause he was a car salesman but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before coming back
he trust to but that that salesman coming have , doing cause and told himself another salesman to go so at being not statement cry cars before incredibly back he he I . essentially offended a he got compose , I he
12012
, . I don't know if the kid had a bad day or what but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue
have about , doing kids apologize bad if . the the I what know 10 sit to dropped and issue but day a nothing for have or minutes I he until not
12015
, . For instance I asked who owned Mazda and he said with confidence that was GM which isn't true
GM for true asked saying with owned who not . confidence and , being which that instance Mazda he I being
12016
, , , . I mean I don't care if he doesn't know but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing
I bs if , of care know to know I the there matters I being price to my no if way turn I , , trust and not to and being face going to when mean the he he cars does doing . financing he pretends not but tells
12017
The Worst Chinese I've Ever Had
have have I chinese worst ever the
12020
, . I called in my order and upon arriving to pick it up they got my order confused with someone elses
up confused arriving it they to , I and in called upon got pick my order order someone with my s else .
12022
$ . They also got my friends order mixed up and wanted to charger her 10 more than what she had wanted
more friend and . than s 10 my wanted also having she charger mixed to up $ they she what order got wanted
12024
. We were standing in the store for 20minutes to simply pick up an order
pick up being simply . a order the in we to 20 standing store for minutes
12028
, . I dont know how it is possible to make orange chicken sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that
puffs sesame know as chickens pao China but that it . chickens not bad I well orange cheese taste doing Delight and chickens making how that kung being possible accomplished as to ,
12034
. One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop
have one I with the . worst have a shop repair ever auto experiences of
12040
( , ), , , " ". When we expressed our discontent to the manager that's right the manager did he say he would return some money did he say he would give a discount on our next visit did he just say I'm sorry
" manager . money doing on manager , discount visit we ( when doing would to just being we , being we " a right he next that say returning I ) sorry expressed he he , he he doing say would some , giving discontent the the say
12042
. He stood there and told us how he wasn't at fault
not he we at how fault and told being . stood there he
12045
, " " . At no time during the conversation did the words I'm sorry ever come out of his mouth
the no during doing he , . " I out ever the come at time of words conversation mouth " sorry being
12052
. . I picked it up when it was finished and was charge 30 00
it it were picked when 30.00 and finished I . being up charged
12065
. I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner's own unprofessionalism
to unprofessionalism owners the never 's recommend I would and being based this unfortunately this on solely gym anyone own .
12074
?! I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club's actual OWNER
staff 's owners this club actual ?! were by I a understand members if way but would the I treated being
12078
!!! The equipment and classes aren't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff
not enough to from deal with better and !!! the staff classes the the rudeness being equipment
12084
, . I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you don't show up they'll charge you
a you the take show appointment and got cc up price because they . you info over if charge will you quote phone just the never doing to not they I making ,
12086
" , ." After he already put product on my hair he said I should warn you I'm expensive
I I already . you after product " he " hair put he expensive , warn being should my saying on
12087
, . What was I supposed to do say I can't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair
I say you afford over crap out supposed all not were with to hair and what can my doing walk , . I
12089
, . The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he's so wonderful you're going to love your hair
love . being kept to going he hair so other , I you pressuring around stylists the saying you wonderful I being
12097
. That's my favorite show of all time
time of all favorite being show my . that
12098
. I'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around
being . the other I way the it that sure cast pretty for around being
12099
. Maybe he didn't do a good job and they told him so
they doing told doing not job maybe so he and better he . a
12109
, . I wasn't going to use them again but I was going to leave it at that
going it , that going to use were they to but again I not I at . were leaving
12110
, $ , + , . However now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS 6 000 despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do I feel I have to voice my opinion
voice , 6,000 now I to IRS despite to to that , to Rod told + what doing doing owe going I feel I exactly however my been come I that $ I realize have the . opinion having
12113
, , $ , +, , , . Well again I am now faced with a tax bill of 6 000 all due on April 15 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is 'well you won't have to pay a penalty '
due tax 15 all faced having being , paying bills ' with , and you , $ been matter a will I all that say have the on April to , to a + to 6,000 Rod 2010 well ' now . , again well of penalty not
12122
( .) They even got me a couch pretty quickly
got they quickly ) . I ( pretty couch even a
12123
, , , - . The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly Ahmed was nice and mostly professional except the semi sketchiness
the , except semi-sketchiness being . getting quickly cutting and the who , guy furniture mostly being I deals the nicest Ahmed and the I , professional
12126
. The other person working at the store didn't know that I still had this table coming
that store table doing person still other know working the the this have at I coming not .
12132
. I've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive
arrive pester this guy have when will several to times have new to I . table my ask
12133
/ . He kept saying different arrival delivery dates and didn't seem terribly apologetic
terribly saying arrival he not seem and delivery different apologetic / dates kept . doing
12134
( , ). It has been 3 weeks and I STILL don't have my table which was NOT cheap I might add
which being I it not have . I ( ) table might not adds being and cheap still my , weeks 3 doing having
12135
: -- -- , . Point is You might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture which I did but they're not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong you'll have to fight to get it resolved
and resolved god get done might to get which to better have fight goes -- I something a point -- communicative to furniture able very . some being wrong but on being nice will : deal , not being it you you forbid they
12137
. Run don't walk
run . doing not walk
12150
. I hope the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes and furniture sitting in someone's warehouse
. furniture store someone broken having homes bedroom hope 's warehouse this they the and in sitting suites of I and owners in employees
12153
. I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I've been a nervous wreck and haven't been behind the wheel
a I years involved a and being have cars 20 not then have wreck being nervous accident . being since wheel the in I behind and ago
12156
" .... , ". She highly recommended him and described him as the Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is very calm pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions
highly he simply best and he saintly as very .... and and being , described the " giving recommended " instructor . she very instructions there in detailed the instructor pleasant calm
12161
. I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I didn't feel comfortable driving an SUV
thought doing driving a feel suv lesson the canceling of I . I once not because comfortable again
12162
" . Gerry pleasantly said since I am already here why don't we give it shot
already it we . giving Gerry doing been since not saying I pleasantly shot " here why
12163
! I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate
trust will that believe and to doing to able handle you being to this and you being I you ! reciprocate all having
12165
, !" Don't worry I'll take care of you
will doing ! of care " take I worry not , you
12168
, . Gerry I can't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear
can enough helping with you not my I I , for thank fear Gerry . cope
12173
. But we don't just like House of Joy WE LOVE IT
just of house love we doing not . we it but Joy likes
12176
. We stopped in and got some take out and cannot stop going back
going can back got we stopped stopped not out . in some and take and
12184
!! You don't have to sit and wait around forever like most places
and !! doing to places have most not sit forever you wait around like
12185
--- !! So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things You won't regret it
for chinese I 2 --- just it things maybe because or out !! looking and you lunch not it in anyone try regret you stopped night excellent promise for will so a should
12188
" " . PS I have noticed on here that someone left a comment that all of the nice comments must come from co workers or friends and I will tell you that I don't know these people except from eating at their restaurant
that I know I from eating ps have friends all co at left from they I " or told except doing workers comments " not here of a someone comments come that will must restaurants . the you on these noticed peoples and that nicest
12191
!!! Because we think IT'S THE BEST
because best being !!! it the we thought
12192
. and we don't know them except for eating there
there except they doing . and eating not for know we
12193
. Dr Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor
CVTS better Flagship doctors Dr. a being not Strzalka at
12194
, . . , !! I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there but i do know from personal experience that Dr Christopher T Strzalka is not a man of his word and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING
and not I doctors sure the very from being T. quality not other , cruel word also , doing and personal uncaring been being Dr. he but experience that Christopher about !! i the there a know of man of Strzalka
12197
, ( ). Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery as he had twice stated i must agree to
Proxy twice agreed he though i stated Care must the then he being for 2 read ventilator my following Health when ) he months , even as i to renigg on ( having . agree surgery to
12198
" ". He later said that by 2 months he meant at least two months
later two least at " by " saying . he months he months meant that 2
12204
, , ( % ), . So therefore now he says i am inoperable even though i am not 100 inoperable and he is letting me die
100 not been inoperable , ) i and though . % being he letting therefore saying been so now die ( i , I inoperable he , even
12207
" ". Even my PA i went to the other day said it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you
who . have saying day by comforting a it to even other he going like PA the will to nothing " my you doing to heart i " surgeon went must for
12210
. What you can learn from the below 'bad experience'
. ' can below you the from bad experience learn ' what
12211
. I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the 'bad experience' review
I experience ' bad ' Second the . review avoiding on not Home based would suggest
12212
, . I'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here seeing that they don't just take every dog coming in
I not every just take seeing to doing my they that being board in dogs , coming would . here more dogs probably two inclined
12213
, . I've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was and all the options for the dogs
dogs were , the options and place this toured the by place for I impressed the being and how have . clean all
12214
. It's unfortunate that bmil believed that his 'perfect' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself
being prove right believed unfortunate . that the opportunity ' bmil to himself being ' he it not given dogs perfect that
12215
( , ), . But I've done hundreds of dog introductions myself another place I don't work here and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs
here ) owners see have done can of dogs , place introductions . working hundreds meet doing dogs of I and and not they views ( have I when unrealistic dogs but myself expectations they other , another what
12216
; . Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively and it's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem
no it they be willing say ; there they and . at objectively would look see does these who the better if able feel workers a being to being introductions and problems to interaction
12219
. But not at a risk to other people's pets
risk to pets peoples at but a . 's not other
12221
; ? No business is going to push customers away without good reason so isn't it reasonable to think they might know what they're doing
not being think so might to what customers reason being going better know push they reasonable to ; without being away doing no business it ? they
12222
, ( ). My dogs are far from perfect and one of them I believe would be a little much for daycare here herself at least initially
initially herself little from far dogs a one perfect . they being for of my here at I much daycare ( believe , being would ) and least
12223
; , . Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this and maybe don't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they don't want to work hard just because you bruised your own ego
a with to this ; suggesting . little bruised you doing not they attacks reasonable hard own doing because and you more ego want jump maybe just not to working a place of expectations personal you been , that like
12226
: ( ) ? So I say I'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square built in 1926 do you deliver to the Warwick
so says ) : I being Rittenhouse ( to doing in hotels ? 1926 Warwick Radison deliver the Warwick you Square built the I at in
12228
, , , - . I laugh and say no that Warwick is in New York but I'm at the Radison Warwick
the , I laugh being says being . Warwick New , , Warwick but and I in York Radison no at that -
12229
: ? And he says You're at Warwick in Pennsylvania
at Pennsylvania you in and : being saying Warwick he ?
12230
, , , , , , , . and I said YES CENTER CITY PHILLY and he says NO Warwick is a township If you're at a Radison in Warwick thats too far try dominos in Pottstown
saying I far Radison at if and a , yes Pottstown PHILLY being , , dominos township try too , . he , CITY in being in being you and CENTER a , saying Warwick , Warwick no that
12232
: , , . He says I not know that town I have to get to work I'm in PHILLY
, saying , town knew not work in : he I I to I that to get . having PHILLY being
12234
: , ? I SAY LISTEN I'm at 17th and LOCUST do you deliver there
you there , at and being listen I 17th deliver LOCUST : doing I says ?
12237
: ? he says Why you tell me your in WARWICK TOWNSHIP
you : TOWNSHIP ? saying I WARWICK he in being why you tell
12242
. You're at 7th
7th at being you .
12247
, , , ? Hmmm she says Then why are you calling here we don't go past broad
being doing not broad here she hmmm past calling you why we go then saying , , , ?
12248
, , , . Anyway after much yelling and cussing I hung up grabbed a cab and went to Geno's
and a grabbed anyway going Geno to . cab , hung much I , after up , and yelling cussing 's
12250
& . B B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June
very back B&B quote to came giving we out in June . quickly we
12252
" !". Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying Workmanship is guaranteed for a year
money fence years we being and workmanship ! August they left . being they for installed a have and guaranteed " in saying quickly "
12256
- . We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he'd send someone out to look at it but couldn't promise when two weeks came and went and we heard nothing
then came look it called office nothing to the going he promise at would to two we we man not send - someone and saying but weeks when . the we and could spoke and out heard
12258
" ?" She even went so far as to say Your calling about one board
you board going " far say about calling as one being ? even " she to so
12262
- ( ) . I'm very frustrated at this point it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer
through this they and for it ) customer frustrated mins penny 10 not stick with bother take come ( in it doing to a having of a and customer would a happy clear become take the being cracked what very being cracked replace dissatisfied now time . want deep it I the yet being they enough and to once to being point one - that all to goes board at the by
12263
!!! So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customers once they have your money
the you to treat the they how to having then will about installed they so once know fix money figure to doing fence let if want !!! take not can I take the they I customers I everyone that time they time
12275
( ). However upon our arrival no one there the inn was open
arrival however we open no there the one ) inn ( being upon .
12277
, . Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3M no exceptions
a not she around corner sticked being the could the no and from the finally of head told . stairs m until 3 we , top sternly accommodated that we exceptions chambermaid
12279
, , . We returned after 3PM found no one there and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room
, innkeeper to pm found no a directions the we returned from . after and , 3 room we there one note with
12281
, $ . . If they think you've taken a soda from your room home with you they will charge you 1 50 per can
you home per taken they charge have with can 1.50 from you if $ soda room they will . you , thought you a
12284
# ) . 4 Breakfast is 8AM to 10AM
) 4 . 8 being breakfast 10 to am am #
12286
, . If you go later it's all cleaned up
going you all it , later being if . up cleaned
12287
( , . By whom I don't know
. I ( , whom by not know doing
12289
.) All these rules are posted in the rooms
being the in rooms posted all . rules ) these
12290
: , , . Snacks uninspired bread tea backs and individual coffee things for a machine that didn't exist
snacks doing that and machine uninspired , coffee bread for : exist tea things . backs a , not individual
12293
, , , / . Room was clean but had a weird dated sink stove combo that didn't work
doing that , combo but weird sink not , , stove . dated have being / room working clean a
12297
. Don't get the rooms off the two kitchens
rooms not kitchens two get off the the do .
12300
$ , . I'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of 99 but I wouldn't pay their rack rate
, rate rack would 99 of would get the $ rate I back if again but I not minute they paying . I could lasted go
12303
, , . The truth is in my and my dining partners' experience this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food
, unique with dining experience , my and little the my partners ' some being food a being . restaurants in fine truth this
12304
, . It's an entirely up and down experience however
. down experience and however being entirely it a , up
12306
( ). The salatim salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me you would most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you
have front seeing most you it salads not . I if they ( being think I smallest would salatim condiments likely of the being you plates ) placed the ever explained being to in
12307
, . Though they are mostly excellent you generally don't get enough forkfuls to know if you really love them
you though . excellent generally get love really they forkfuls if mostly you not they enough to being , know doing
12309
, , , ( , - ). Then again for the three of us who dined together two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more and licking the hummus from our fingers and yes those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three person order
flatbread ) fighting person , for flatbread from together those and who we of - order for yes pieces two a of three the , , dined we and . then we hummus the licking of fingers again doing left represent , two three more pieces (
12313
... , , . Dessert was hmmm that's interesting I don't even remember dessert
that hmmm even I being not , interesting remember doing . ... , desserts been desserts
12317
-- , . And my no I still don't remember what I had
still what have I not doing and my -- remember I . , no
12319
( ), . Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests and as the many golden reviews seem to attest we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience
Zahav not suggests we as ) , as being ( seem would this . went perhaps and we name attest little having have decent its restaurants to many a golden expensive enjoyed into reviews believing going to golden experience being the
12320
, - , , , . But one should not go here expecting something fantastic unless perhaps you've never had middle eastern food before or succulent duck tasty lamb decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts
- perhaps , desserts something have unless never here middle , tasty lamb or before should eastern not succulent or , . one food chocolate have fantastic , expecting sizes actually go decent portion but you duck warm
12321
) , : : . PS When we called for a reservation we were told that 5 00 and 9 30 were their only openings
. we , they called only told openings reservation that 9:30 and being we a for ) when 5:00 ps being
12327
( ). I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model by looking the dress up online
a few up it would I the liked on look ( by . being better model idea a to I dress a online how that would ) thought see like looking
12329
" ". They said they were unable to tell me until they ordered my dress
. they " told they unable ordered being dress until " my I saying to they
12330
... , ( ... ), . Hmmm A person cannot call a company if you have no idea its name since the designer is unknown SUPPOSEDLY and order a gown without a dress name or style number
, its can or not a idea gown call having no , the ) and person since designers . style hmmm order dress being if you a ... ... supposedly name unknown a name without ( company numbers a
12332
: ) ) ( " " ). They either a don't want to give it to me because they don't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b are recreating the dresses themselves ie STEALING other designers' dress designs and filling the orders by their own seamstresses
and by ie filling purchasing seamstresses designers doing orders a to I giving themselves want want being they other : to ) stealing " designs the they ( either elsewhere dresses b not . I or ) dress doing ' " not it dress the they the ) own because recreating
12333
... ... ?!? I'm no detective but uhh seriously
... ?!? being no uhh ... seriously I but detective
12334
, , . Whatever type of operation they are running I'm not interested and if you're smart you won't be either
they and operation not , you running interested . , if types being you either being being smart will of be not I whatever
12336
* *, . Aside from that little mystery one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on
telling mystery were on were compared how . quite * to I dress one that that one , I trying about the from loved * that another of being she I comfortable of dresses how aside wrong little ladies sales I
12337
, / , , " " ; . Somehow since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers dresses after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing she knew exactly which dress I was referring to and disagreed with my observation she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on
told the designers dress she . , disagreed names know doing ; low dresses designers know dress " she I she to / and not " , , bodice which name observation the as on saying the that I referring were of the of since I and one with I after have my were somehow as one exactly comparing does supposedly she any come
12338
: , . My point Even if I was wrong don't sit there and argue with the customer
and with not the doing being even I argue . wrong my there if point sit : , customer
12340
." I didn't think so but you could be right
not but I could so " being right . you doing think
12341
" " ... ... . Unless you want to take the tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving approach which will likely get you uh nowhere
want loving customer not she you get obviously nowhere she told " " into the being approach and unless how force will try being to a uh and ... which ... the wrong take you dress likely she .
12345
. I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life
being my wear alone like dishonest important to much being will on gown . another Gallery trust with I day Wedding very gown they the life of I and most would feel let the I I lace in not trust up they
12349
( , , , - ). I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop that is apparently what you are supposed to do but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage so you don't see them drving up and they purposely block the front pull up that all other Sear's use
signs anyone told bigger all I other pull they . up assist store being my then way the reason before some doing and you drving you pull block that into 20 they see ) being , - purposely use , supposed front cars apparently to , so for garage you the shop up being were to in part minutes that the waited to keeping doing the I being inside about that not Sear's the and able ( pointing but what
12352
. I had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this wasn't possible
were . wanted tire and the since possible split told not between reimbursed being the credit a check but this having to total were I I card card being for
12356
, . I would not have gone back but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else
find not would 'd the in stock have , back . else they went particular tire I I not anywhere could but used
12364
, . They promised it'd be done within an hour so I waited in the lobby
within it they promised the . would in being doing I , lobby so a hour waited
12366
, " " ( ). A few minutes after I left I was called and informed that I left my wheel lock which they should have left in the car
left left . left have they ( cars lock , called and ) few that wheel " a in which were minutes the should my I " informed after I I
12368
( ). Of course I couldn't make it back in time and they apparently could not stay 5 extra minutes to wait for me
they I could could back for not stay I minutes ( of ) wait and in it not . making time to apparently course extra 5
12370
, ( ), ( ). Of course they couldn't call him either to ask about it because apparently they don't keep their employees' phone numbers riiight so I would have to return on Monday driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should I get a flat
I , on 3 now they ( doing days ) call ask with to would . driving riiight not of lock , Monday they they wheel to could course not he have should a because about returning phone get ' no I keeping ( either flat it for employees ) apparently numbers so
12372
, . Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening but I'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal
it they , I also evening being supposedly . this for I being will that will but ordeal sure a holding being huge
12373
. The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there didn't seem to be any sort of management that I could see
management sort apathetic doing see be I . could at to not employees and that the being seem this of there completely Sear's any
12374
( ). I will never return there again and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car
again ) never my of cars returning will ( the they some on . now performed work I having about quality doubts and actually there serious
3874
